waiting for video to kick in
there we are
hello
can we see me can we hear me
i know you can see the partially open
door that i meant to close back there
oops
hello can you hear me perfectly fine i'm
starting to have i'm just starting to
get real confused by this mic and i have
yet to figure out the new mic
so this is still the old mic
so if it needs to be pulled up closer
then i can absolutely do that
i hate audio things though i just hate
working with audio god bless anyone
whose profession
is dealing with audio
because it is
a nightmare
of epic proportions
it's a little quiet
let me see because i've got it
i can pull it up to about
there and talk loud
right and i don't know
i don't know why it's quiet but actually
wait i did have a backup plan
hang on hang on
hang on
let me see
how about now how we sounding now
is it still a bit quiet
because if so i can just keep taking off
filters
until it goes back to the very
bland standard that i used to have
still quiet okay then i'm just gonna
take off all the
it's good for you still quiet for others
i am just going to go ahead and take off
all
okay there should be absolutely nothing
restricting this
poor confusing mic
so i will do
my best because i already have the
volume turned all the way up
it cannot get any louder
so i'm going to do my best to read extra
loud for you today
and i'll have to remember to just not
go in for any whispering or quietness
which should work for me because i'm a
naturally loud person
yeah cool
so we're still waiting for a couple of
minutes for everyone to get their
notifications and come on in
but since there's already a
decent number of you from what i can
expect for this stream
uh we're gonna go ahead and do the intro
i'm brittany i remembered eddie today
i'm brittany this is eddie welcome to
gay watch where we watch gay things
today we are gonna try to finish volume
two of moda sushi
it's kind of a tall order even though we
are starting early
um it's i think we have about 60 pages
left 65 pages left
and in a standard session we get through
about 40.
so i'm hoping that the extra half hour
is just all we need
um this is a
book reaction a reading reaction not any
kind of like audio audiobook situation i
have never read this book but i have
seen the untamed
and if you have also seen the
entertainment then you know
the uh
knowledge base that i'm drawing from
uh we are at
we were at the top or bottom of either
284 or 285
oh you'd think i'd remember by this
point
right
we're at the bottom of 285
oh yeah the new mic the new mic is i'm
very excited about it actually the new
mic is the best
usb mic on the market
period
um i've been lusting after this mic for
a very long time and once you get it all
set up and kind of fine-tuned to your
voice and everything
it should be
beautiful and gorgeous and i'll be set
for audio
basically forever in order to get a mic
better than this i would actually have
to get one of those like
really serious
film recording microphones
um this is
pretty much top tier like critical role
uses these mics you know
the uh mother zouche manuel i wasn't
planning on
really reacting to that i was gonna read
it
and maybe like
talk about it in discord as i was
reading it but i didn't really have any
plans to
like stream it
or make videos out of it
i mean i suppose
if everybody dog piled me and was like
no please
live stream the manual or something like
that um
i would
get to it i would put the donghua first
i'm definitely going to watch the
animated series first
um and then there's still the um
the
audio
drama the audio series
and it may even like go behind that
because there's so many different
versions of this story
like yes i plan to but it's also gonna
be a second
because there's just so much
i'm very excited about the donghua
i could not i'm
i hear great things about the donghua
it looks gorgeous i've seen like what
two screenshots it is one of the most
beautiful things i have ever seen
period
i'm very excited about the donghua
alrighty
we have a good amount of people in so
we're going to go ahead and pick up
especially since we're trying to we're
trying to finish this today
that would be super convenient for me so
that i can have kind of
tuesdays and thursdays off for a couple
of weeks
give me a chance to like rest and catch
up because i kind of didn't realize that
i've basically been working six days a
week for the past like
two months
more than that two and a half months
and
like i love it but it's a lot
so we're going to try
to get through this i mean plus i'm just
stupidly excited to just get through
another one i really wish volume three
was just out now
so that i could like take a break for
two weeks and come and just start volume
three that would be nice but that's not
out until mid august i think august 17th
is when volume 3 comes out
anywho
we are
at the bottom of page 285
and
i believe there's usually somebody
uh who's uh who's nice enough and has a
copy on them and is following along
to uh keep you guys up to date on which
page i'm on i try my best to remind
y'all
every five to ten pages
but i've got to focus on a lot of
different things while i'm doing this
and sometimes i miss so whoever it is i
haven't been able to catch who it is but
whoever it is that like makes sure that
the chat knows
exactly where we are
um i appreciate you if i catch you i'ma
thank you personally but i haven't
caught you yet
so right
a few days later
mung yao left oh i didn't look up how to
pronounce this i'm so
atd
hedjin
yes
for lengi with the letter of
recommendation from nimingju
after he left nimingju had a change of
deputy envoys but wei wushan felt that
the replacement was always somehow half
a beat slower
mangyao was a rare talent resourceful
and quick-witted un
able to understand what was left unsaid
complete a task in its entirety even
when only a fraction of it was described
to him
that's terrifying
always efficient never sloppy the
opposite of me then it was hard not to
compare the work of others when you'd
grown accustomed to someone like him
after some time the gin clan of land
ling which had already been struggling
to hold the line at lanier
was nearly at their breaking point
lanchi-chen happened to be assisting
another afflicted area so jingoing shan
sought help from he's in instead and
niming zhu answered the call
after the battle was over a frazzle shan
came over to express his gratitude
memeings you exchanged a few curt words
with him before asking after mungyao
secluder jin what is menyau's position
now
jinguang was confused to hear the name
i'm stunned
mung yao um meaning no offense to sec
leader knee of course but who's that
again
everybody is debatable
ultimately
ultimately everybody is kind of
ultimately debatable in this in this
series
except for jinguang chang
i feel like we would have to learn about
jinguang sean's parents and upbringing
in order for an argument to be made for
him even just understanding not
justification clearly not but just
understanding
nimingji immediately frowned
the incident in which manyao was kicked
down the golden carp tower had been a
popular anecdote for some time now even
bystanders knew all about the farce
meaning there was no way one of the main
people involved didn't remember the name
anyone with less face would have been
embarrassed to play dumb but as it
turned out jinguan chun's skin was as
thick as they came
mangya was my former deputy envoy
niminzu explained frostily i wrote a
letter and had him bring it to you
jinguang continued to play dumb is that
so but i've never seen any letters nor
met any such person alas if i had known
sec leader knee had sent his deputy
envoy over i'd have given him a proper
reception perhaps something went amiss
along the way
neminger's expression grew increasingly
cold at these perfunctory perfunctory
excuses of not remembering and never
hearing of such a person
thinking there must be something more to
the situation he unceremoniously took
his leave
he asked the other cultivators but came
up with nothing he was striding about at
random when he came upon a small patch
of woods
these woods were very secluded an ambush
attack and subsequent massacre had just
occurred and the battlefield had yet to
be cleaned up
as neeming zhu walked through the trees
the ground was strewn with the corpses
of cultivators dressed in various attire
some from the one clan some from the
jing clan and some from other clans
suddenly a ripping sound tore through
the air ahead
niming's you put his hand on the hilt of
his saber and crept over stealthily he
quietly brushed aside the leaves only to
see mongeau standing among the pile of
corpses
with a twist of his wrist menyau pulled
a long sword out of a cultivator's chest
he looked extremely calm
his strike was steady swift and so
careful that there wasn't so much as a
drop of blood on him
the sword was not his own its hilt had
flame-like iron ornamentation
it was the sword of a cultivator from
the wen clan
his sword technique was also of the one
clan
as for the man he'd killed he was
wearing a robe depicting the peony
sparks sparks amidst snow
why did they have to call it sparks
amidst snow
he was a cultivator of the jing clan of
landling
nieming zhu took the scene in and said
nothing his saber left its sheath an
inch emitting a sharp jarring noise the
familiar sound of a blade leaving its
sheath made mongeau shiver and he
whirled his head back almost scared out
of his wits
this is the first time
i've ever heard of mongio being like
scared of anything i feel it's at the
very least super rare
oh
there's
art um it's pretty dark and i don't just
mean gruesome but it's actually like
literally dark oh but you know having
good lights on it really helps
that's pleasant isn't it
yeah what a lovely
what a lovely mental image
um
sect leader knee
ni mingju drew his [__] drew his saber
out of its sheath they're throwing so
many s's at me today
drew his saber out of its sheath in its
entirety its glint flashed bright but
the blade itself was tinged slightly
blood red
way wushan could feel the monstrous fury
boiling from him as well as the bitter
disappointment
mangyao well acquainted with niminzu's
personality threw away his sword with a
clatter sec leader knee sack leader knee
wait please wait let me explain
niming ju bellowed what is there for you
to explain
manyao scrambled over i had no choice i
was forced to do it
ni means you fumed what do you mean no
choice what did i say when i sent you
over
mangyao prostrated himself at
nemingzhu's feet sec leader knee
secondary hear me out i joined the jin
clan of len ling and this man was my
superior he belittles me always
humiliates and reprimands me in every
possible way
so you killed him neeming you curtly
asked
no it wasn't because of this manial
cried out what humiliation is there that
i cannot endure
beatings and insults are nothing to me
but with every stronghold we won over
all the pain and effort i put into
strategizing planning our approach he
only needed to say a few breezy words
make a few brush strokes and claim all
credit for himself saying i had nothing
to do with it
this wasn't the first time he did it
every time every single time i tried to
reason with him but he didn't care at
all and when i went to the others no one
was willing to listen he even said
earlier that my mother
my mother was
it was really more than i could bear
in a moment of rage i lost my head i
made a misstep
they're really making the point that
mongeau's mom
is the is the rage button
like the instant
you're dead berserk button excuse me
that's the name of the actual trope
mangyao spoke rapidly in his panic
scared that niming zhu would bring his
blade down on him without letting him
finish but his account was as clear and
methodical as ever
every word emphasizing how others were
so loathsome and how innocent he was
yeah you know that really sums up
manyao's general approach
to kind of life the universe and
everything
and what's funny is that he's not
entirely unjustified about a lot of
things and it also makes sense
that he would
that his psyche would kind of develop in
that way
everyone is evil and out to get me i'm a
perfectly innocent victim because he was
for a while there right
it's absolutely maddening how much
sense mxtx characters make
like they are
almost perfectly aligned with like you
totally understand
why they are the way they are why they
operate
all of that you completely get it it
makes total sense
neiman's you grabbed him by his collar
and lifted him up you're lying
mangyao shuddered ningminju stared
directly into his eyes and enunciated
his response word by word
you couldn't bear it anymore lost your
head in a moment of rage and made a
misstep
would someone who lost his head in a
moment of rage have worn the kind of
expression you did when killing a man
would he have so deliberately chosen a
secluded hidden forest where a massacre
had just taken place
would he specifically use a when sword
and when techniques to kill
would he disguise himself as a when dog
to launch a sneak attack so as to frame
them
you've clearly been planning this for a
long time
i mean props to mingju man the man ain't
no fool
mangyao raised his hand to swear it i'm
telling the truth every word of it is
true
even so you can't just kill him neeming
you raged it's only a bit of military
merit you care that much about this tiny
bit of trivial glory
a tiny bit mung yao muttered his voice
trembled as he continued what do you
mean a tiny bit of military merit chi
fung jun
do you know how much effort i've put in
to earn this tiny bit of military merit
how much hardship i've suffered
trivial glory without this tiny bit of
trivial glory i would have
nothing
man you want to talk about a scarcity
mindset
reinforced by periods of a
scarce reality
jesus
naming you sized up his tearful and
trembling face the contrast with his
cold-blooded act of murder earlier was
far too intense
the shock of it had yet to fade from his
mind
mangyao let me ask you the first time i
met you did you deliberately put on that
weak bullied act for my benefit
also that i'd stand up for you if i
hadn't would you have killed those
people like you did this man today
they mentioned his mom
didn't they i'm almost certain
they they hit the berserk button they
mentioned his mom
so like yeah
most likely almost certainly actually
he would have absolutely slaughtered the
guys in there
mung yao's throat bobbed a drop of cold
sweat slid down his face he was just
about to answer when ning zhu bellowed
at him do not lie to me
mangyao gave a start and swallowed his
words
he kneeled on the ground his entire body
trembling as the fingers of his right
hand dug deep into the earth
after a while naming zhu slowly returned
his saber to its sheath
i will not lay a hand on you
manyao's head shot up
nimingju continued go confess your crime
to the jin clan of landling and receive
your punishment whatever it may be
after a moment of stupefaction
mungyao said
chiffenzoon
i can't die at this step
with this step you've strayed from the
proper path namings you stated
you're asking me to pay with my life
well you took one you know it's it's
it's fine
a price that needn't be paid if
everything you've said is the truth
replied names you go
repent and turn over a new leaf
you know
it's a shame that mingju is already a
bit too late you know what i mean
he's a little bit too well okay he's a
bit too late in monkey house timeline
for any type of leaf to be turned over
you know
and that's
just kind of
not necessa well okay no it is a bit
heartbreaking i won't lie
like it's just such a
[__] of a situation man
everything lined up mxtx is so good at
lining up the dominoes exactly the way
that they had to and because you
understand all of her characters
so deeply
it couldn't have happened any other way
how do you even
do that on this biggest scale you know
how many characters are in this mother
you know how long this story is it's
like 500k or something like that
500k of
it could have only happened
this way
really
and that's so impressive it's almost
terrifying actually
see i was too impressed with mxtx where
the hell was i
ah i'm over here
we are at 291
around the middle
mung yao murmured under his breath my
father hasn't seen me yet
it wasn't that jinguang sean had not
seen him he was merely pretending to be
unaware of his existence
eventually under pressure from neeming
zhu mangyao arduously uttered a yes sir
after a moment of silence naming zhu
said
get up
mangyao stood up from the ground in a
trance as if drained and staggered a few
steps seeing he was about to fall
nieming's you steadied him
mangyao mumbled
thank you sec leader knee
at the sight of his despondent look
niming zhu turned around but suddenly he
heard manya say
still can't do it
niming zhu jerked his head back a long
sword had somehow found its way into
mangyao's hand he was already aiming the
sword at his own stomach
his expression was one of despair sec
leader knee i've proven unworthy of your
great kindness
with that he stabbed down hard ning
mingju's pupils shrank as he swiftly
made a grab for the sword but it was
already too late the sword in menya's
hand pierced his abdomen and jutted out
through his back
he slumped in the pool of blood that was
not his own
meaning she was momentarily stunned
before he rushed over and half kneeled
on the ground to turn over menya's body
you
menya's ghastly pale face looked up at
him feebly as he said with a forced rye
smile
oh it's sec leader knee i he had yet to
finish his words when his head slowly
drooped niming zhu lifted his body and
avoiding the blade pressed his palm to
his chest to transfer a burst of
spiritual energy
but unexpectedly his own body suddenly
gave a slight jolt as a cold ceaseless
flow of spiritual current spread through
his abdomen
way washand having long expected there
to be an underhanded trick in store
wasn't surprised
but ni ming zhu had never expected menya
to attack him so viciously
as such even when he found himself
unable to move his shock still far
outweighed his fury as he watched manyao
slowly crawl back to his feet
menya had likely calculated beforehand
how to avoid his vitals he calmly and
carefully pulled the sword from his
abdomen bringing a small spray of
crimson along with the bright red blade
then he compressed the wound and seemed
to consider it taken care of
meanwhile neeming zhu was still frozen
in his pose of going to menya's aid
half kneeling on the ground he raised
his head slightly to meet mangyao's eyes
it's so interesting to me how
generally speaking
you know there are tons of
unhinged and
psychologically deeply screwed up
characters in fiction but there's always
something extra
when
a character proves
that they can even cause harm to
themselves
in order to do anything in order to
achieve
any and you know big small whatever
because it overrides our natural
self-preservation instinct
not to mention our just kind of general
fear of pain to one degree or another
but we always we always remember the
ones
who can hurt themselves in some kind of
significant way
and the first character that comes to
mind who does this is um in gone girl
but that's all i'll say because spoilers
um
but it just we always we always
we always point them out that's actually
probably a fairly reliable
way
to make a character memorable
is to put them in a situation where they
hurt themselves
fairly deeply and they're like
okay with that
that they can that they have that
capacity
so it's so terrifying
i'm over here niming zhu said nothing
neither did mung yao he inserted his
sword back into its sheath bowed and
darted away without sparing a backward
glance
moments ago he had obediently admitted
his mistake and agreed to receive
punishment then in the blink of an eye
he resorted to trickery and pretended to
commit suicide only to stab neming zhu
in the back
now he had fled without a trace
nimingju had probably never met a more
shameless man
worse the man had once been a trusted
aide whom he'd promoted himself
yeah you know it's actually pretty even
ground between who is more
shameless in that way manyao
granted they're shameless in different
ways but the height of their
psychopathic um
tendency
is pretty
intense
consequently he flew into a rage and was
particularly savage when he faced the
wen clan's cultivators when lanchi chen
found time to head to langey and assist
with the battle a few days later
neiman's jew's fury had still not
subsided
the moment lanchi-chen arrived he said
with a smile
that's quite the rage minjoo shang is in
where's mangyao why isn't he here to
douse those flames of yours
don't mention that name nieming zhu
barked he relayed the incident where
meng yao committed murder framed another
feigned death and fled in its entirety
to lan chu chen who was also stunned to
hear it
how could this be is there some kind of
misunderstanding oh babe
oh babe
i caught him red-handed meaning she said
what misunderstanding can there be
lanchi-chen thought for a moment going
by what he said the man he killed was
indeed at fault but he really should not
have killed him
it is hard to judge what is correct in
such desperate times i wonder where he
is now
babe babe
babe
he'd better not let me catch him or i'll
sacrifice him to my blade niming zhu
replied sharply
and there's a scene break here actually
so we're at the top of 294.
huh
unexpectedly the remark proved to be
prophetic in the years that followed
mangyos seemed to have vanished entirely
like a stone sunk into the sea never to
be seen or heard from again
there was not a single trace of him to
be found
niemingju detested mangyao with the same
fervor he had initially admired and
valued him
he would go grow enraged every time
mangyao was mentioned and be unable to
explain why
once he was certain there was no news of
him to be had he refused to discuss him
with anyone
niming zhu never got close to other
people and he rarely bared his heart to
them to finally have a competent
trustworthy subordinate whose
capabilities and character he approved
of then discovered the person's true
colors were not at all what he'd
initially thought it couldn't have been
easy on him
no wonder his reaction was so vehement
just as way wishing thought this he was
suddenly struck by a splitting headache
every bone in his body seemed to have
been run over by a war chariot the
slightest jerk made his bones creak
he was immobile he opened both eyes his
vision so blurred that he could barely
make out the many figures sprawled on
the floor tiled with icy cold black jade
niminzu seemed to have suffered a head
injury the wound was already numb and
blood congealed over his eyes and face
he moved slightly and warm blood
trickled down his forehead again
weiwou shan was astonished ning zhu was
almost invincible during the sunshine
campaign enemies couldn't even get close
to him let alone injure him so badly
what's going on here
there was a minuscule movement to the
side we wishing swept a glance out of
the corner of his eye and spied a few
blurred figures
he focused his vision with some
difficulty and managed to make out
several cultivators dressed in blazing
sun robes
they were kneeling shuffling around the
room on their knees
way wushan were framed from comment
all of a sudden an oppressive feeling
washed over him it spread the way we
shan through niminzu's limbs and bones
making his hair stand on end nemingju
lifted his head slightly and saw a giant
jade thrown at the end of the black jade
tiling
a man sat on it at this distance and
with blood obscuring his vision meanings
you couldn't get a clear look at him but
even so he could guess who it was
the door to the main hall opened and a
man entered
the disciples in the great hall all
remained on the ground moving only on
their knees but this man other than
giving a slight bow and lowering his
head and greeting on entry
lowering his head in greeting on entry
was not like them with easy indifference
he walked straight down the long line of
jade tiles to the end where he appeared
to bend over and listen to the man on
the jade throne say a few words before
turning
slowly pacing forward this man quietly
sized up niming zhu who was dressed
drenched in blood but still forcing
himself upright
he seemed to smile as he greeted them
greeted him
it's been a while sect leader knee
that voice who else could it be
if not mong yao
wei
was finally certain what he was saying
this was the year ni ming zhu received
intelligence that led him to launch a
surprise attack in yang yangtuang
chiefing zoon always secured victory
whenever he took the initiative to lead
an offensive but this time whether
because of a flaw in their intel their
plans being leaked or a simple case of
man proposes god disposes
they ran unexpectedly into when rohan
head of the wen clan of tushen
their erroneous estimate of the enemy's
strength allowed the one clan of shishan
to turn the tables on them in one fell
swoop they rounded up all the attacking
cultivators and brought them back to
nightless city as prisoners mung yao
half kneeled beside niming zhu
i i really never thought there would be
a day i'd see you in such a sorry state
niimingzhu only said
get lost
that's a much more rated g version of
what i thought he would say
mangyao's chuckle was laced with pity
do you still think you're the king of
hezion look carefully this is the
scorching sun palace
a cultivator at the side spat
what scorching sun palace it's merely a
den of wind dogs
mongeau's expression changed he drew his
long sword in an instant a streak of
blood spewed from the cultivator's neck
who toppled over without so much as a
grunt his fellow sect members screamed
and lunged forward nimingji was furious
you
another cultivator roared in rage one
dog kill me too if you're so capable
monkey house brows didn't so much as
twitch with a backhanded swing his sword
cut that cultivator's throat as well
splattering blood
certainly he answered with a smile
sword in hand he stood before a pool of
blood the corpses of the two cultivators
in white toppled at his feet he grinned
who else wants to repeat those two words
ning ming zhu answered coldly
when
dog
we got a badass
he knew perfectly well that falling into
the hands of when rohan meant certain
death so he felt no fear
if way wushan had been in his shoes he
would also have cuts to his heart
heart's content to hell with everything
he was going to die anyway
but instead of flying into a rage
mangyao merely smiled he snapped his
fingers and a when clan cultivator came
up to him on his knees both hands held
over his head to present a long box
mongiao opened the box
sect leader knee why don't you take a
look at what this is
it was ni ming zhu saber basha
get out of my sight neemings you raged
but munyo had already taken basha out of
the box sec leader knee basha has passed
through my hands a number of times at
this point isn't it a bit too late for
you to be angry now
means you enunciated each word remove
your
hands
however it was as though mania was
purposely trying to incense him
he weighed the saber in his hand
commenting sec leader knee one could
begrudgingly consider the sabre of yours
to be a first-rate spiritual weapon no
but it's still slightly inferior to the
saber of your father the former sect
leader knee
why don't you make a wager on how many
times sec leader wen needs to slap it to
break it this time around
in that instant every drop of blood in
ning mingju's body surged to his head
his sudden burst of rage sent a chilled
on waywushan's spine as he thought how
vicious
the one thing nemju hated most in his
life the one thing he could not move
past
was the death of his father
it had happened when niming zhu was only
in his teens and his father was still
the head of the knee clan of changing
someone paid tribute to wen rohan with a
treasured saber which delighted him for
several days he asked the girls guest
cultivators at his side what do you
think of the saber of mine
he had always been an unpredictable
capricious man who turned hostile and
fell out with people at the drop of a
hat and so the guest cultivators
naturally went along with him vigorously
praising the saber as having no equal
but one of them whether out of animosity
for the former sec leader knee or the
desire to stand out by giving a
different answer said the saber of yours
is incomparable sure of course but well
i'm afraid there's someone who wouldn't
agree
that made when rohan unhappy and he
demanded who
the clan head of the knee clander chinga
of course the guest cultivator answered
his family has been renowned through the
ages for their saber cultivation he
boasts at every opportunity that his own
precious saber is invincible and
unrivaled that not a single saber forged
in the past few centuries can ever
compare to his his arrogance is extreme
no matter how great your saber is he
will never admit as much
even if he does so aloud it'll be a
different story deep down in his heart
when rohan roared with laughter saying
he had to see this for himself thus he
immediately summoned the former sect
leader knee over from chinha
he took a saber and looked it over
seated on the on his throne eventually
he said yes a fine saber as i thought he
idly slapped it a few times and let the
man go
nothing appeared odd at the time the
former sec leader knew was puzzled of
course and also quite displeased by the
man's audacity at summoning and
dismissing him on a whim
but unexpectedly several days after he
returned home his sabers suddenly
shattered into several pieces when he
brought it down upon a demonic beast
during a night hunt the beast seized the
opportunity to charge and severely guard
him with its horns
and ning zhu who had been night hunting
with his father witnessed this scene
with his very own eyes
although the previous sec leader knee
was saved from immediate death the
injustice of it all was too much for him
to swallow his injuries never did heal
and he lingered in ill health for half a
year before finally passing away
no one knew if he died of anger or
illness this is why ni ming zhu and the
entire knee clan of ching in loads the
one clan of chichen with such intensity
did i know that
they didn't talk about that in the
untamed
no i didn't know that
when rohan
brought about the death well essentially
just killed but brought about the death
of ming zhu's dad
did i know that i think i knew something
about
uh neiman's used dad dying
but i don't think
i jus hmm
i don't think i knew that
that makes
a lot of damn sense
we're towards the top of page 299 by the
way
and now
mangyao was holding his saber and when
rohan's presence all the while dredging
up his lifelong regrets around his
father's shattered saber and death
mung yao was simply malicious to the
core
oh
yes
that
is that goes that is top five possibly
top three actually
descriptions of mangyao
malicious to the core yeah
niming zhu struck out with a palm and
mangyao staggered back and coughed out a
mouth mouthful of blood
at this the figure on the jade throne
leaned slightly forward as if poised to
move manyao promptly climbed to his feet
and charged over to kick niming's you in
the chest nimingju had expended too much
energy on that one strike and the kick
knocked him heavily to the ground
the blood that was burning in his veins
finally boiled over and spewed from his
mouth
weiwou shan on the other hand was struck
dumb there were so many versions of this
story floating around he could never
have imagined so entertaining a detail
as le fung jun
taking a flying kick
at chiffon zoon
mangyao stomped down firmly on
nemingzhu's chest and shouted you dare
behave so atrociously before sect leader
when
he stabs downward with his sword
meanings you struck out a palm breaking
the sword and mangyao's hands into
pieces the blow also knocked menya over
but just as naming zhu was about to land
a second strike on his head a strange
force suddenly yanked his body in the
direction of wen rohan's jade throne
niminzu was hauled across the jade tiles
with such speed that he left a trail of
blood nine meters long and growing
he reached out to grab a wenclan
disciple who was kneeling on the ground
and tossed him in the direction of the
jade throne with a bang blood exploded
through the air ooh like a watermelon
being blown apart splattering pulp all
over the ground
that
has a visceral image mxtx thanks
i hate it
do you think when rohan had actually
cleaved a disciples skull to pieces by
simply striking his palm at the air
but this also bought time for niming zhu
fury gave him a sudden boost of
inexhaustible power and he sprang up and
brandished his hand to form a seal
basia came flying toward him
sect leader watch out mangyao yelled a
voice laughed maniacally no harm done
weiwushan was not in the least bit
surprised by how youthful the voice
sounded
when rohan's cultivation level was high
and thus his physical body was naturally
maintained at its prime oh interesting
as soon as nimingju grabbed bashia's
hilt he swung out and cleaved the dozens
of one clan cultivators who had come to
surround him
in half
oh
just a badass
the black jade path was strewn with
mutilated corpses all of a sudden a
shiver ran down weibuchen's back
a figure materialized behind him
niming's you slashed out horizontally
and his spiritual energy shattered a
long strip of the florida pieces his
strike missed its target but he received
a heavy kick to the chest for his
trouble crashing into the golden pillar
in the hall
he coughed out another mouthful of blood
fresh blood trickled down his forehead
his gradually blurring vision sensed
someone approaching he raised his saber
again and this time was punched right in
the chest at this strike his entire body
sank nearly a meter into the jade floor
way wushan whose five senses were
connected to naming jews was left
stunned even as he was brutally battered
when rohan's strength really was
unimaginably terrifying
never having dueled the neeming zoo
before i just realized hang on
that was a delayed that was a that was a
delayed reaction
uh reading about how when rohan
uh actually maintains
you know because he has such high
cultivation his body is maintained at
its prime do you mean to tell me
we were robbed
of hot guy win rohan
in the untamed
really
the show that so unabashedly
gave us all of the most beautiful men
you have ever seen in your entire life
beautiful people really but every guy
you see is the most beautiful man you've
ever seen in your entire life and you
have a textual reason
to make
batshit crazy guy another bat-shit crazy
guy
an unbelievably beautiful man and you
don't take it
like i love
who they got to play win rohan and like
iconic right we love but at the same
time
it was right there the opportunity was
right in your face
and we were robbed
oh my god that's right anastasia that
does mean
we have hot guy when rohan in the in the
dongwa
oh
yes
[Music]
oh
i mean i was looking forward to it
before
okay where the hell was i sorry sudden
realizations who
is texting me so much and am i married
to her
i really
should remember to put my phone on
silent but i don't
because the day i remember anything
is the day i'm medicated for add
probably
we're just gonna gonna yeah
that's on vibe right now i'll be the
only one who knows whenever it goes off
okay where the hell
um
ah there we go we're at the top of 301
never having dueled neeming's you before
whether shane had no clue who might win
or lose but based on his observations as
far as power and skill went niming zhu
was in the top three of all the
cultivators he had ever seen
and even so he was entirely unable to
counter-attack when faced with wen rohan
in fact wei wu shin would have been
hard-pressed to claim he'd do any better
if he were in the ming's use place
when rohan stepped on niming's jew's
chest way wishing's vision was going
black and the stench of blood was
surging straight up his throat
mangyao's voice gradually approached i
am an incompetent subordinate to have
troubled sec leader to make a personal
appearance
when rohan said with a laugh
man yao chuckled too
he's the one who killed one shoe when
rohan asked
that's right menyow answered the very
one sec leader will you be killing him
with your own hands or dragging him off
to inferno palace my personal suggestion
is that he'd be best suited for inferno
palace
the inferno palace was when rohan's
playground ooh
it was where he stored his collection of
thousands of torture devices with the
specific intent to inflict them on
others
this meant that mangyao was unwilling to
give nimingju a swift and
straightforward death he wanted to drag
him to wend rohan's torture chamber and
use the devices he had personally made
to slowly and methodically
grind him into the grave a [__]
sentence
ladies and gentlemen hang on we're
reliving that brutal but we're reliving
that
he wanted to drag him to when rohan's
torture chamber and use the devices he
had personally made to slowly and
methodically grind him into the grave a
turn of phrase we love to see it
oh
as nieming's you listen to these two men
merrily discussing what to do with him
his fury blazed and the blood in his
chest churned what pleasure is there in
toying with the life of someone already
half dead when rihanna commented
well now mangano replied given sect
leader knees strong and healthy physique
who knows if he will return to his
awe-inspiring self after a few days of
recuperation
do as you will when rohan said
yes sir mangyo answered
however at the same time he spoke an
extremely thin flash of cold light swept
across weiwou shan's vision
when rohan suddenly went dead silent
warm blood splashed onto nemingzhu's
face as if sensing something he strained
to raise his head to see what was going
on but was ultimately too severely
injured to hold on any longer
his head fell heavily and he closed his
eyes
an unknown amount of time passed before
way wishing felt the glimmer of light
before him nimingji was gradually
opening his eyes
the moment he came to he discovered that
he was being supported by mangyao with
one of ningmingju's arms draped over his
shoulder mung yao strained to move
forward while half-dragging and
half-carrying him on his back
sec leader knee maniac called to him
when rohan is dead naming zhu asked
manyaos seemed to have slipped for a
moment he answered in a trembling voice
he
he should be
he was still holding something in his
hand
ning ming zhu said darkly give me the
saber
wei wushan couldn't see the expression
on mangyao's face but could hear the wry
smile in his voice
sec leader knee let's not think about
chopping me up at a time like this
niminzu was silent for a moment after he
had mustered up enough energy he made a
grab for the saber although mangyao was
nimble and quick-witted raw power and
strength still won in such situations
unable to defend himself he hastily
leapt away
sec leader knee you're still injured
with the longsaber in hand namings you
said coldly you killed them
referring of course to the cultivators
who had been captured alongside him
mongiao said sec leader knee you should
know that under the circumstances
earlier i had no choice
this was exactly the kind of excuse nie
ming zhu hated most his chest burned
with anger as he swept his saber down in
rage what do you mean no choice it was
up to you whether to do it
mango dodged the blow and defended
himself was it really up to me sec
leader knee if you were in my shoes
me meanings you anticipated what he was
going to say and cut him off i would not
mungyow seemed utterly exhausted as he
repeatedly dodged the blows
unable to react in time he nearly
tripped looking rather unkept as he
paint panted for breath all of a sudden
he shouted in what seemed to be an
outburst of anger chi feng soon do you
not understand that if i didn't kill him
it would have been your corpse lying
there
this was no different from saying since
i saved your life you can't kill me or
you'll be in the wrong but jing guan yao
being jing wang yao had a way with words
his plea was heavy with reserved sorrow
and a kind of implicit grievance
sure enough naming zhu's movement
faltered he stood rigidly in place veins
bulging on his forehead gripping the
health of his saber he bellowed in his
response
fine i'll hack you to death then take my
own life oh [__]
menyow cowered back as soon as he
shouted and when basia came sweeping
down he was scared out of his wits and
took to his heels
both men drenched in blood staggered and
stumbled along one of them hacking and
one of them fleeing wei wushin was
laughing himself half to death while
neiman's you hacked away at the future
cultivation chief thinking that if not
for niming's used severe inner injuries
and depleted spiritual energy manyao
would have long been dead
amidst this ridiculous display an
astonished voice suddenly rang out ming
zhuxiang
in a flash a figure in a radiantly white
robe darted out of the forest it was
like mangyao had laid out
[Music]
it was like mangyao had laid eyes on a
god
i wish i had a mic i could drop
what the [__]
the entire [__] the entirety
of oh my god
what
he immediately scrambled over behind him
zerajin zivajin
ni ming zhu was so overwhelmed with rage
that he didn't even ask why lanshi chen
was suddenly here he bellowed shi-chen
get out of the way
bore down on them so menacingly that
whoo
uh i don't think i've ever had to
pronounce lancie chen sword's name
before
um
shoyuei
that feels a little japanese to me
but we'll go with that
boshya bored down on them so menacingly
that show
wow it's going to take me a second
had no choice but to leave its sheath
lan chichen moved to meet him partly to
support him and partly to stop him
ming zhuxiang peace why be like this
why don't you ask him what he's done
meanings you retorted
len chichen looked back at mangyao who
stammered looking panic-stricken and too
afraid to speak
no wonder i couldn't find him anywhere
after he fled lange nieming's
turns out he ran off to be a lackey of
the wind dogs and aid that tyrant in
perpetuating his evil from knightless
city
then chichen called out ningxiuxong
he rarely interrupted others so neeming
she was slightly taken aback
lynch continued do you know who slipped
us the
the one glance tactical deployment maps
and these last few engagements
you niming zhu answered
i was merely passing them on lan chen
replied
do you know who the real source of that
information was
all this time
the meaning of his words could not be
more obvious
niming zhu looked at
looked at mangyao who had his head bowed
behind lanshi chen
niminzu's brows were twitching
incessantly obviously in disbelief
there's no need to doubt it lanchi-chan
said the very reason i am here at this
moment to assist is because he sent me a
message asking me to come by what other
coincidence would i be here
ning ming zhu
was speechless
brah
i feel you
if there was anything that mangy was
good at
it was covering his ass and
orchestrating just the perfect
sequence of events
i mean
really
lanshu chen added
oh
ayo regrets the incident at langi but he
did not dare encounter you
all he could think to do was infiltrate
the wind clan of chichen
chichen
and get close to wen rohan before
sending letters to meet me and think to
meet me in secret all he could think of
to do all he could think of to do all he
could think of to do was you know
infiltrate the one clan of chichen and
get close to when rohan before sending
letters to me in secret that was just
all he could think to do just i mean man
it's the only idea he had
i didn't know the identity of the sender
at first it was only by coincidence that
i found out and recognized him
oh i'm sure
can you detail this coincidence
please
he turned to mung yao and said in a low
voice
didn't you tell me you shong about this
man yao covered the wound on his arm and
said with a wry smile
zebo jin you saw it too
even if i told him sec leader knee would
not believe me
ni ming's you kept silent
basha and show you
who show you a
we're still at an impasse mong mungyao
only had to cast a glance at the glare
of clashing saber and sword for terror
to brim in his eyes
after a moment however he kneeled before
niming zhu
mangyao lenshi chin called out
tentatively
sect leader knee mania said softly i did
injure you at scorching sun palace
though i did it to gain wen rohan's
trust so he wouldn't sense something was
amiss
and i did speak insolently to you i knew
what happened to the former sec leader
knee sorely grieves you but i still
intentionally twisted the knife in that
wood
wound while it might have been a last
resort i really am truly sorry
replied
you should not kneel to me but instead
to all those cultivators you killed with
your own hands
when rohan was a brutal man who went
berserk at the slightest tent of
defiance mania said
i had to pretend to be his trusted aide
how could i stand by and do nothing when
others insulted him
that was why
good naming you observed seems like
you've done your fair share of such
deeds before this too
among the outside
mangy outside
when in chichen
when didn't she sin when didn't she
shine
when it
wow wow
wow
wow we're taking a second
oof
len chichen's side still holding his
sword in place
ming zhuxiang it was unavoidable that he
would have had to do certain things
while undercover and she shouldn't when
he did them he also felt
way wishing shook his head zimwijn
really is far too pure and kind i know
man
my husband is too pure for this world
like literally too pure for this world
that he was placed in
then again he was only able to see
through jin going out because he was
already deeply suspicious of him
the mangyow currently standing before
lanshi chen on the other hand was an
undercover agent who endured endless
humiliation to carry out his mission
alone left with no choice but to put
himself in danger
with such different perspectives how
could their feelings be compared
after a long moment neiman's you
abruptly raised his saber
mingju shong lenshi chang called out
mung yao closed his eyes lancia and
tightened his grip on shoyuei hey
as well and said please pardon
before he could finish his words the
silver glint of the saber slashed down
landing on a large boulder next to them
mungyao cowered at the thunderous sound
of cracking rock he turned to look and
found the massive stone had been split
in half
in the end neiman's you could not make
himself bring his saber down on manyao
returning bashia to its sheath he turned
around and left without sparing them a
single glance single backward glance
when rohan was dead
although there were although there were
still surviving members of the one clan
of tishen their forces no longer posed a
threat their defeat was already set in
stone
and mangyao the brave warrior who went
undercover at nightless city for several
years and was willing to give his life
for the cause won acclaim
in one battle
ever since mungyao betrayed and defected
from the knee clan of ching ha his
relationship with nimingju had never
been the same again
so waywushan had wondered how did they
go on to become sworn brothers later
based on his observations it could be
presumed that aside from lanshi-chen
taking the initiative to suggest it in
hopes that they would reconcile the most
important factor was the debt of
gratitude neiman's you owed manyao for
saving his life and for delivering them
intelligence
the information mania had passed
the information manyao had passed them
through lan shi-chen had been of crucial
aid to naming jew in all the battles he
waged he still considered jin wang yao a
rare talent and had the mind to guide
him back onto the right path
ooh
but the man was no longer his
subordinate it was only by becoming
sworn brothers that he could regain the
right and the status to supervise him
the same way he supervised and
disciplined his younger brother niihsong
after the sunshot campaign concluded the
jin clan of landling organized a
days-long flower viewing banquet and
invited countless cultivators and
clarence to celebrate with them all this
pomp weiwushan thought it's like he's
ascending to the heavens
these people both fear and respect
niming zhu there were plenty who feared
me but those who respected me were few
and far between
jinguan stood at the side of the
ooh the sumero no that sounds very
american
but sumuru
sounds very japanese
hmm
throne style palace base after becoming
sworn brothers with niminzu and lanchi
chen and being recognized by his clan he
now had a cinnabar mark in between his
brows
dressed in a sparks amid snow robe with
a white base and gold trimmings and a
black gauze cap he had an entirely
different air about him something
radiant and refined
he was still as quick witted as ever but
his bearing was calm and composed a far
cry from how he'd been in the past
wei wushan was surprised to see a
familiar figure at his side
shu young
shuyong was extremely young at this
point in time although his face still
had a boyish cast to it he was already
very tall he also wore a sparks amid
snow robe the very picture of carefree
youth as he stood beside jingoing yao
like a spring breeze caressing the
willow
they seem to be talking about something
interesting jingling out grinned and
gestured with his hand both men traded
glances and shu young burst out laughing
he nonchalantly swept his eyes across
the milling cultivators with a tinge of
contempt and apathy in his gaze as if
they were all walking piles of refuse
when he saw niming jew he showed no fear
as the others had instead he grinned
widely bearing his canine teeth in his
direction
noticing the mingju's hostile expression
jinguang yao hurriedly curved his smile
and lowered his voice to say a word to
shuyong who waved his hand and swaggered
off elsewhere
jingoing yeah walked over and greeted
respectfully dagger
who is that niming zhu asked
hesitated for a moment then replied very
carefully
choo young
nimming's you frowned shu young from the
koi prefecture
jingling nodded shuyong was already
infamous at a young age wushan could
clearly sense neiman's use frown
deepening
what are you doing mingling with the
likes of him he asked the jing clan of
landling recruited him ching wang yao
answered he did not dare explain himself
further but hastily fled to the other
side of the square under the pretext of
receiving incoming guests
niming zhu shook his head and turned
around wae wu shan's eyes lit up lanshi
chan and len wang ji walked side by side
as they made their way over i don't know
man i just love seeing brothers side by
side i can't help it i don't know i
don't know
the sight of them strolling down the
hall bathed in moonlight was like a
vision of frost and snow drifting down
from the heavens
i mean damn wushan tell me you're queer
without telling me you're queer
jesus
a vision of frost and snow drifting down
from the heavens
okay
sure
just bros describing bros am i right
the twin jades of the land clan stood
together
one with his shao and one with his gucci
one gentle and refined and one cold and
cheerless
they were both beautiful in appearance
and elegant in demeanor both truly of a
singular color but each had a different
kind of charm
it was no wonder they drew attention and
endless admiration wherever they went
the lan wong ji of this time still had a
trace of youthful innocence in the
contours of his face but his expression
remained aloof keeping others at arm's
length
way wishing's eyes were
ho ho
way wushan's eyes were immediately glued
to him
unable to look away
tell me you're queer with you know what
not caring whether or not lan wong ji
could hear him he gave into impulse and
hollered happily in his mind lanjan i
miss you so much
suddenly a voice spoke up
sec leader knee suck leader lan
way wushan's heart skipped a beat when
he heard this familiar voice
niming zhu turned around again to take a
look jiang chung dressed all in purple
was walking over with his hand resting
on his sword
and the man standing beside jiang chung
was none other than wei wushan himself
that's gotta be weird
i mean that's at least trippy
he saw himself dressed all in black
standing with his hands clasped behind
his back
a black flute with a bright red tassel
hung at his waist he was not carrying
his sword with him he stood side by side
with zheng chung and nodded in greeting
his body language was arrogant his
demeanor so awfully enigmatic and
disdainful of everyone present
seeing this cringeworthy posturing
waywu shan had the sudden urge to charge
up to his younger self and beat the hell
out of him
oh wow yeah way wushan just saw a
picture of himself at 16.
it was like oh my god who the hell is
that
why why is he such a loser
oh oh this is so good
um
by the way
some uh beautiful art i don't know if
they fully described this or not it
looks like
wushan standing next to oh yeah it
should be shan and jing chung
um
from the back
as they as they walk in so i'm glad i
didn't because at like the first barest
glance
uh i didn't even register like the black
robes so i thought it was you know the
land brothers
from the back but let me get the hello
hello
focus thank you
oh
lovely
lenwang ji had also noticed weiwi shan
standing beside zheng chung his eyebrows
twitched but his light eyes soon turned
back to stare straight ahead once more
expressions still dignified
zhang chung and niming's you met each
other's gaze straight faced and nodded
they had nothing superfluous to say to
one another so they said it has to hate
a hasty greeting and each went their
separate ways
weibushan saw his black clad past self
glancing left and right until his eyes
fell upon lan wang ji
he was just about to say something when
zhang chung walked over to stand beside
him both men lowered their heads and
exchanged words with solemn expressions
we shan burst out laughing and walked
shoulder to shoulder with zhang chun to
the other side
the people coming and going around them
also automatically made way giving them
a wide birth
wei shen thought back carefully trying
to remember what they'd been talking
about at that time he couldn't recall at
first but then he saw the movement of
their lips through naming zhu's eyes and
it came to him he'd said chiang chang
chief engine's so much taller than you
and jing chun had said screw off you
want to die oh my god
that is so
unbelievably
16 year old them
neeming shoes attention turned back to
the lands why does wei ying not have a
sword he asked
carrying a sword was akin to dressing in
formal attire it was a necessary symbol
of etiquette during grand gatherings and
those born to prominent clans attached
great importance to it
he has probably forgotten that when she
answered him passively
niming zhu arched his brows
he can forget something like that
it is not surprising lenwongji said
well well wushan thought badmouthing me
behind my back i caught you red-handed
lancie chen chuckled young master wei
said he didn't want to bother with such
convoluted formalities never mind
neglecting to carry his sword even if he
chose not to bother with wearing clothes
what could anyone do to stop him ha to
be young
it really was an indescribable feeling
to hear hears to hear his own arrogant
words repeated from the mouth of another
wayushan felt a little embarrassed but
there was nothing he could do suddenly
he heard lan wang ji muttering under his
breath
irreverent
he said it very softly as if only for
his own benefit
the word drummed in huey wu chan's
causing his heart to inexplicably
the word drummed in way wooshan's ears
skip a beat
it's only inexplicable to a disaster by
at this point
can we be perfectly honest
inexplicable
glenn chichen looked at him
hmm why are you still here
xiao zhang is here so naturally i am as
well lan wang ji replied slightly
puzzled though still serious faced
why aren't you going over to talk to him
lancian clarified they're going away
way we shan't found this curious why did
they would you say that don't tell me
lanjan had something to say to me
no that's just lanshi chen knowing his
brother
real well
and um
playing matchmaker with absolutely no
shame
it's fine this is fine
before he could get a clear look at lan
wong ji's reaction a commotion suddenly
broke out at the other end of the area
way wishing heard his own furious
shouting
jinzy shawn don't you ever forget what
you said and did what do you mean by
this
way wushan remembered now
ah so it was this incident
on the other hand jinzy schwann was also
furious i'm asking sec leader jiang not
you and i'm asking about miss jang
what's it got to do with you
way way shannon snapped back at him well
said what does maishiji
oh that's right isn't it should she
i think
have to do with you who was the one so
proud his eyes grew on top of his head
too uppity to see her in the first place
oh
second leader jang jin says
frank complained this is my clan's
flower viewing banquet and he is from
your clan are you going to do something
about this
why are they quarreling again lanchy
chen wondered
then wang ji looked over at them but his
feet remained glued to the ground a
moment later he took a step forward as
if he'd made up his mind and was about
to walk over but just then zhang chung's
voice rang out
wei wushan you shut up jingji i'm sorry
about this my elder sister is fine thank
you for your concern we can discuss this
matter next time
way we shine sneered next time there is
no next time there is no need for him to
worry about whether she's fine or not
who does he think he is
protective older brother way wushan
everybody
so ridiculous but i love him so much
he means well
of course he always does
but that kind of hurts my feelings so
we're not going to talk about that
having said that he spun on his heel and
stalked away
zhang chung hollered after him come back
here where are you going
way wuchen waved his hand anywhere is
fine just don't let me see his face i
didn't want to come in the first place
you could deal with this yourself
having been left behind jengjung's face
grew
grew gradually stormy
jinguan had initially been busy busying
and bustling about with a smile for
every guest and a solution for every
problem
seeing this disturbance he popped up
again and called out to him way gangji
please stay
way wishing walked swiftly with his
hands clapped behind his back his
expression was sullen and he paid no
notice to anyone
lan wang ji
len wangshi took a step toward him but
before he could open his mouth both men
had already brushed past each other are
you kidding me let this like
at least the second if not possibly the
third time len wang she has tried to
talk
to ushen
only for somebody else to pop up and
stop it from happening this poor
boy
just wants to talk to his
crush that he has for some
inexplicable
reason
and he keeps getting cut off whoo
what the hell
jinguang yao unable to catch up with wei
wushan kicks at the ground inside
well he's gone secretary jiang what
what should we do
zhengchang reigned in his gloomy
expression leave him he's used to
getting his own way at home no manners
then he started to converse with jinzy
schwann
watching this weirwoshan inwardly heaved
alongside
fortunately niming seemed uninterested
he quickly shifted his gaze away and wae
wushan couldn't see them anymore
and that is the scene break
we're at the bottom of 3 14.
it's coming up on four o'clock so let's
take our break
here because that
was so much fun
that was outstanding hang on let me grab
the bookmark we're gonna take um
this like a a five to ten minute break
we have a bit of a long
stream today
so it's usually just i try to keep it
around five minutes but now it might be
a little bit longer it might be five to
ten
we're just gonna
take a break and chill for a second so
you can you know stand up stretch run
around
go to the bathroom whatever grab
something to eat something
oh man yeah
nobody
nobody ships
nobody ships wang shin harder
than lanshi chen he
has been trying so hard to get those two
boys together
since
day damn one
and i mean his efforts are rewarded so
i mean more power to my husband you know
what i mean
before let me confirm the since there
was a question about page number a
little while ago and i've forgotten
we're at the bottom of page 314
just in case
let me see what i missed
in
the comments
sally
i was so surprised watching the dongwa
after the untamed when all the old men
were hot yeah
did not know that about uh the world
building of
this work
and i've i mad mad props mad props to
mxtx
yeah
oh yeah
echo
you know now you see why nihor's song
was devastated at the death of his
brother
why he had to take revenge
um
i think we've gotten
bits of that
throughout the book so far
but
i don't think unless i'm blanking i
don't think we've had anything
pronounced like the
spin-off film or anything to like really
hammer home
why
not yet anyway
um
actually
i don't think i ever found this out was
um
was the spin-off
film
fatal journey was fatal journey
that whole plot and that whole
everything
was that in the book at all or did they
entirely
ma uh make that up as a
here have some supplemental but actually
not supplemental it should have been in
the series information about huasong and
his brother
was that and i asked these questions and
then i don't scroll down in the chat um
i don't think we've gotten a big
download like that
no it's
original okay
i mean
fatal journey was fantastic
and you know
i i actually that's how i showed um
when the wife was watching the untamed
i had her watch fatal journey between
49 and 50
or 48 and 49.
it was
after the
you know reveal like the reveal so i'm
pretty sure that was at the end of 49
because i was like
just
you should really somebody's got to
experience it this way because i am so
certain
that that's where fatal journey belonged
or at least some version of it
because fatal journey was about um an
hour and a half an hour and 20 minutes
and i'm like just cut it down because it
could have been trimmed down just cut it
down and make it
episode 50 and then you have episode 51.
that's just my
creative
writing
opinion and
she agrees with me the wife agrees with
me
but so so if we don't get that
specifically
in the book then i wonder
if there's anything pronounced like that
you know
[Music]
hmm let's see so we have we actually
should
finish this today
hang on i've got to do like math now but
hang on
uh
you have about 35 pages left
yeah
and we can definitely do
35 pages in 45 minutes
yeah
oh no wait actually
considering we used to do 40 pages in an
hour and a half we still have our word
cut out for us never mind
whoo
oh yeah yeah i assume you know whenever
hua song found out figured it all out
oh yeah
um
i think the uh
you'd you'd have to yeah the the the
revenge the fact that he took revenge
made absolute sense because like
anybody's brother gets
killed in that way
and you know
you're probably going to take revenge on
the person it was the
length
breadth
and amount of effort
put into it
that um
was so
extreme
that um it was really nice to have
a little bit more emphasis on
their relationship and we've been
picking up on details like that so far
if i remember correctly
so in just a couple of minutes we're
gonna pick back up
at the bottom of 314. it's a scene break
super easy to find
um
i wonder
oh
okay
yeah
so
i'm pretty sure and like all it is is
like the first two sentences of
what we're reading next
and it's really easy to see i think the
i think the end of volume two
is
also the end of
naming zhu so
what a great note to go out on
for volume two
that's
not painful at all
no
we're not gonna
get emotional about that
i do definitely see more of where the
three the three zoom
ship comes from now
that definitely makes sense to me
there's certainly shippable stuff in
here
alrighty
oh yeah naming zhu he's a great
character he's especially a great
character mixed in with everybody else
right and the whole pantheon
of untamed characters he's really got a
nice
distinct
little spot like the role he fills is
like just what absolutely needed and
added a little dimension
uh to the cast that you don't get
anywhere else in the cast
and
it's which the cast is already obscenely
well put together to begin with this
whole cast of characters and naming she
was a really good example of just how
well it's put together
because it would not be
it would not be the same without mingju
being
the way he is
and also then i mean without a ming zhu
type things wouldn't have played out the
way that just like i said before
every single character is put in this
place and everything plays out and the
only way that it possibly could have
it's ridiculous
mxtx's level
of
detail
and commitment to
characters making understandable choices
as opposed to just the right choice all
the time
which that's actually one of the big
hurdles for um
amateur writers
one of the many things that
distinguishes an amateur
from a not amateur i don't want to say
professional
amateur from a i guess more experienced
writer is that you let your characters
actually make
bad wrong even maybe kind of stupid
choices
but as long as they are
justified in the sense that you
understand why they're making that
decision
then it's fine and it's much more
interesting than some character who just
who always does the right thing
all the time
although sometimes you need that it
really depends
anywho
so bottom of 314 let's pick it back up
the three zune we're at the impure realm
residents of the knee clan of chingya
niming zhu was in his seat while lanshi
chan played a guccin that lay
horizontally before him
the tune came to an end and he placed
his hand over the strings calming its
vibrations
jinguan yao smiled all right now that
i've heard ergas playing i'll be sure to
smash my gucci as soon as i get home
sandy is playing would be considered
very good outside of guzu lanchi-chen
assured him was your mother the one who
taught you
no i taught myself through observation
she never taught me these sorts of
things only how to read and write
she also bought some expensive sword
play and cultivation manuals for me to
study
lan chen was astonished swordplay and
cultivation manuals
erga you've never seen those before have
you jingling yao explained they're small
booklets sold by common folk with random
figure drawings and a lot of fanciful
text
lan chen shook his head with a smile
jingong yao shook his head too
they're all scams fraudulent scraps
meant specifically to deceive women like
my mother and ignorant children
practicing their teachings will do you
no harm but it won't benefit you either
he then lamented but how could my mother
know that she just bought them all
regardless of price she said that when i
returned to see my father someday i had
to meet him as a skilled and capable man
i couldn't allow myself to fall behind
and so
all our money went to such things
lanchi-chen plucked a couple of times at
the strings you are very talented to
have learned so much simply through
observation
with the guidance of a renowned master
you'd no doubt improve by leaps and
bounds
jinguano laughed such a renowned master
is right before me but i wouldn't dare
impose on him
why not lanshi-chen said please take a
seat
gongji gongzi oops all right i'm
learning that rule the z rule
jing guang yao sat opposite him prim and
proper and made to listen humbly
what does lan shenchang wish to teach me
how about the purification tone lan chen
proposed
jinguang yao's eyes lit up but before
you could say a word naming zhu looked
up
the purification tone is one of the
unique arts of your land clan of guzu
don't divulge it to outsiders and this
is what this is what shichen just
randomly brings up what can you teach me
well gee maybe i guess i suppose i could
teach you one of those like sacred
things that's not supposed to leave my
clan like what kind of
what kind of queer nonsense is this
lan chen didn't seem to consider this an
issue
he said with a smile the purification
tone is unlike the eradication tone
its purpose is to clear the heart and
calm the mind why keep such a helpful
healing art all to ourselves
besides how could teaching it to sandee
be considered divulging to an outsider
oh okay
since he knew what he was doing niming
zhu said nothing more on the matter
one day upon returning to the impure
realm he entered the main hall to see a
dozen or so gold gold-edged folding fans
unfurled and lined up before niihuasang
nihosong was fondly stroking them one at
a time mumbling to himself as he
compared the inscriptions on each fan
veins instantly popped on naming zhu's
forehead
ni hasan
immediately dropped to the ground
startled into a kneeling position
he clamored to his feet afterward in
trepidation and stuttered a greeting
niming zhu demanded where is your saber
nihwa song stammered
in in my room wait no at the drilling
grounds no
uh let me think
weiwu shane could sense niming zhu's
desire to hack him to bits right where
he stood you carry dozens of fans with
you but you don't even know where your
own saber is
i'll go look for it right now numerous
songs said hastily
forget it neiman's you barked you can't
learn anything with it even if you find
it burn all of these
the color drastically drained from
nihoisang's face he scooped all the fans
into his arms into panic saying dagger
please don't these are all gifts from
someone
naming you cracked the table with one
slam of his palm who was it tell him to
get the hell over here
it was me a voice answered
jingling yao strode into the hall
nihuasang exclaimed in delight as if he
just cited his savior god that one hurt
oh
sangha you came
it wasn't that jing yao could appease
neiman's use fury just that that fury
was immediately transferred to him as
soon as he showed up leaving niming's
you too preoccupied to scold anyone else
so it really wasn't much of a stretch to
call him nihwa song's savior overjoyed
nihor song repeatedly greeted hello
sange
as he hurriedly scooped the table full
of fans into his arms
seeing his younger brother like this
neeming she was so angry that he now
found it faintly ludicrous
he snapped at jinguan yao stop sending
him such nonsensical trinkets
nihwasang dropped two fans onto the
ground in his rush and jinguang yao
helped pick them up tucking them back
into his arms
huasong is passionate about the arts and
studies paintings and calligraphy with
rapture
these are not bad habits how can you
call it nonsense ni hassan nodded
enthusiastically yeah sangha is right
it's not like you can use those things
when you are the head of the clan
namings you said nihua song retorted i'm
not going to be the head of the clan
dagger can have the position i'm not
doing it
he immediately shut up when his elder
brother shot him a glare niming zhu then
turned to jinguan yao
what are you doing here
ergas said he gifted you a good chin
jinguang replied it was the same one
lanchi-chen had brought along from
before to play the purification tone for
neeming zhu he'd gifted it to him to
help soothe him
jinguang yao added since the lane clan
of guzu has been busy lately with the
urgent matter of reconstructing the
cloud recesses dagger has forbidden him
to come so ergo taught me the
purification tone even if i cannot match
erga's superb playing i can still help
dagger calm down
also i did totally clock how um
i don't think it's exactly how it went
down but there was some beginning
you know opening scenes from fatal
journey
in there just now
to uh to give us the sense of the
extreme differences between the knee
brothers right
oh hello
you know it's not a gay watch stream if
i don't lose my place at least like
three times
you should just focus on your own
matters niming you said
ni huasang however had his interest
peaked
sangha what song is that can i listen
let me tell you that out of print book
you found for me the last time
return to your room naming zhu barked
nihorson quickly fled with his tail
between his legs of course he didn't go
back to his room rather he scared to the
parlor to paw through the other gifts
jinguan yao had brought for him
after being interrupted several times
naming zhu's fury had mostly subsided
he looked back at the slightly tired
looking jingong yao whose sparks amid
snow robe was dusty and travel worn
presumably he'd hurried here from the
golden carp tower after a moment's pause
neiman zhu said have a seat
jin going out gave a slight nod and sat
down as instructed if taga is concerned
about huasong a softer approach wouldn't
hurt why be so harsh
he'd still be like this with a saber
held to his neck namings you said seems
i'll always be a good for nothing even
if i beat him to death
it's not that hassang is worthless but
just that his ambitions don't lie here
jinguang yao advised him
and you've figured out exactly where his
ambitions do lie nimingji said
jinguang yao smiled of course
is this not my forte the only one i
can't figure out is dagger
knowing a person's likes and dislikes
and then catering to them accordingly
made getting things done easier you
could accomplish your goals with half as
much effort as such the ability to
discern people's desires truly was
jingoing owes forte
the only person he could never seem to
pry any use formation useful information
out
of was neeming zhu
wae washing had seen this first hand
back when manyao worked under niminzu's
command the man never laid his hands on
women alcohol or material wealth wait a
second back up the man never laid his
hands on women
really
i mean i understand
i understand but also at the same time
i don't know i clock things like that i
get that he's focusing on if anything
you know you could also kind of make a
case for uh
for means you to be somewhere on the ace
spectrum if you wanted to
which actually i think would be
interesting
in fact wasn't there something
there was something earlier
that tripped my
aspect radar
about ming zhu i believe
oh it was in this session too
damn there was something about that also
did it i would have to go back and find
it though
the man never laid his hands on women
alcohol or material wealth
wealth
paintings calligraphy and antiques were
all piles of ink and mud in his eyes top
grade premium tea tasted the same to him
as dregs from a roadside stall
mung yao had wracked his brain and still
failed to identify anything neeming you
might have a taste for other than
training with a saber every day and
killing wendogs
he was truly an iron bastion with no
weaknesses to exploit
hearing him speak so self-deprecatingly
niming jew did not feel as repelled as
usual
don't encourage that disgraceful
behavior of his
jin going out smiled and asked again
dagger where is erga's guccin
nieming you pointed it out for him from
that point on where jinguang yao would
rush from landling to chingya every few
days and play the purification tone to
help naming zhu purify his mind
he did it to the best of his ability
without a single word of complaint the
purification tone was indeed mysterious
and effective way wishing could clearly
sense the resentful energy lurking
within nieming's use heart being
suppressed and the conversations and
interactions they had while the gucci
played were like those they'd shared in
the peaceful past when they had yet to
fall out with one another
perhaps being unable to get away from
the reconstruction of the cloud recesses
was merely an excuse on lan chichen's
part perhaps he only wanted to give ning
ming zhu and jin guang yao an
opportunity to ease the tension in their
relationship
and then it wound up [__]
oh
god no
pain
but the thought had only just occurred
to way we shan when an even more
maniacal fury surged up within ning
mingju
he threw off two disciples who didn't
dare try to stop him again and barged
straight into blooming garden lan chen
and jinguang yell were solemnly
discussing something in the study with
several blueprints marked in various
colors spread out on the table before
them lanchi chen was slightly taken
aback by this by his intrusion
dagger
you stay right there nimon zhen said
delanshi chen then he said coldly to
jinguang yao you come out
jinguang yao looked at him didn't look
to change your shi-chen he smiled erga
why'd i trouble you to help me sort
these plans out i must go discuss some
private matters with doggo first i'll
beg your thoughts after
i think i just hit the mic again
lanshi chen looked worried but jinguang
yao followed niming zhu out they had
only just arrived at the edge of golden
carp tower when naming you struck out at
him
several nearby disciples looked alarmed
but jingoing yao nimbly dodged the blow
and motioned for them not to make any
rash moves
he turned to ni ming zhu
[__] why do this if something's the
matter we can talk it over
where's shu young naming you demanded
he's been sent to the dungeons sentenced
for life
what was it that you said to me back
then namings you demanded zhengguang yao
fell silent
niming zhu continued i wanted him to pay
in blood pay with his life and you
merely gave him a life sentence instead
jinguang yao replied cautiously as long
as he is punished and cannot commit such
crimes again does it truly matter if he
pays with his life
the fine guest cultivator you remember
recommended did such a fine thing
neeming you rebuked sharply and yet you
still dare shield him even now
i'm not shielding him jinguen defended
himself you know like a liar
the incident with the chain clan of you
young shocked me greatly as well how
could i have anticipated chuyung would
slaughter a family of over 50 people but
my father insists on keeping him
shocked neeming you exclaimed who was
the one to recruit him the one who
recommended him gave him an important
position stop using your father's cover
how could you not have known what
shuyong was doing
jingling outside
dagger it really was on my father's
orders i couldn't refuse you're
demanding that i dispose of shu young
but how would you have me explain my
actions to my father afterward
no excuses nimingji said bring me shu
young's head ooh
irony
it seemed jing guang yao still had more
to say but niming's used patience was
already exhausted mangyao don't you dare
play games with me those tricks of yours
no longer work for an instant jingle's
expression showed a hint of
embarrassment as though some unspeakable
affliction of his had been exposed in
full view of the public with nowhere to
hide and no hole to crawl into
those tricks of mine he countered which
ones dagger you constantly castigate me
for being calculating for being
unorthodox
ooh
unorthodox foil
wushen
there's a line that can be drawn there
you say you stand tall and straight that
you are daunted by nothing that a real
man has no need to resort to underhanded
means
fine you came from a distinguished
background and your cult of visit in
your cultivation level is high but what
about me
am i the same
to begin with unlike you i don't have a
high level of cultivation and a stable
foundation and all my life no one ever
taught me those things
like you know a dad was maybe supposed
to impart on his son
furthermore i don't have a prominent
family background you think my place in
the gin clan of lan ling is stable did
you think i would rise in position with
jinzy schwen's death jinguencheng would
rather bring back another illegitimate
son than have me succeed him you tell me
not to fear heaven and earth but i do
fear and i fear people too it's easy for
you to say such things you're not in
because you're not in my shoes just like
those who have never known hunger can
never imagine how it feels to starve
oh
every time he does this and he does this
a few times
every time someone is you know questions
his behavior
and he basically comes back with
i'm from off the streets i'm not like
you of course i have to behave this way
which is also
kind of like the basic fundamental
way that he justifies like all of his
actions to himself even the ones that
aren't warranted and are you know super
extreme and
sadistic the amount of times he does
that it's like every single time
he has a point
but then the more you learn about him
and the more you see
the things that he does
over the course of the book it's like
your stance is getting
just a little weaker but on the other
hand
a little bit stronger because he is a
product of his environment
the
both foils to
wushan uh mangyao and um chu young
are
intensely products of their environment
just like way wushan is the difference
with wei wu shin is that at some point
he had although
a dysfunctional family unit
he had
more love available to him
than
either of them kind of ever did
with the exception of shuyong because xu
young had his mom
but they're what okay i'm about to get
off on like a huge tangent about the
whole foil situation with them
and that's like a whole essay and we
don't have time when since we're trying
to finish this and we're getting so
close we're at page like 323
um oh no excuse me we're at the bottom
of 322.
so i'm gonna have to put a pin on that
for later but i just it makes you think
everything about this damn story just
makes you think in one way or another
nimingju said coldly at the end of the
day what you really mean is that you do
not want to kill shuyong and do not want
to jeopardize your status in the jin
clan of lan ling
of course i don't jingoing yao shot back
he raised his head his eyes blazing with
indiscernible flames but dagger i've
been meaning to ask you one thing you've
taken far more lives than i have so why
is it that when i was forced by
circumstance to kill a few cultivators
so long ago i must still endure you
constantly nagging me about it
even to this day
once again just as right as he is
wrong
uh neeming you laughed out of sheer
anger fine i'll answer you countless
people have perished by my saber but
i've never killed for my own selfish
desires or worse killed for the sake of
climbing to the top
oh
once again i need that comic of you know
the judge oh man
dagger i understand what you mean now
jingling said are you trying to say that
everyone you killed deserved it
deserve is a manipulative word to use
there
considering the context in which naming
you kills people
he chuckled and with an inexplicable
burst of courage took a few steps
towards naming zhu
his voice raised as he continued
forcefully then may i presume to ask how
you determine whether a person deserves
death are your standards the only
correct ones let's say that i killed one
person and saved the lives of 100 others
in doing so does the merit outweigh the
misdeed or am i culpable of wrongdoing
wrongdoing to achieve great things one
would one must make sacrifices
god i got 15 essays in my head now
he makes points but he bastardizes them
it's so
it's unreal it's just unfucking
believable
neeming shoe retorted then why don't you
sacrifice yourself
are you more distinguished than them are
you different from them
jinguano looked steadily at him then as
if he'd finally made up his mind and in
the same moment given up on something
he calmly replied
yes
he raised his head high his expression
proud
frank and faintly insane
in equal proportion
i am of course
different from them
his words and expression enraged
ningming jew
he lifted a leg and jinguan yao caught
completely off guard did not dodge
he took the full force of the kick and
tumbled down golden carp tower
once more
oh babe
if neeming you wasn't dead before
oh man did we have to have art for it
though
what the hell
what
the ever
loving hell
wow
wait a second
really short random aside
but
tolkien
asserts that lord of the rings isn't
world war oh [__] one or two one i
believe
allegory
really
then that was some deeply subconscious
[__]
yeah
because no like i'm so sorry no okay
anyway
niming you lowered his head and bellowed
down at him as expected of the son of a
prostitute
see
jinguang yao
rolled for over 50 steps before he
landed on solid ground
he didn't lie sprawled there for even a
moment but crawled immediately to his
feet
he waved away the servants and sec
disciples gathering around him and
brushed the dust off his sparksumit snow
robe
then very slowly he raised his head to
meet niming zhu's eyes with a gaze that
was calm and even somewhat apathetic
ningming zhu drew his saber just as a
worried lanshi chen who'd been waiting
in vain for them to return walked out of
the inner hall to see what was happening
at the scene before him he immediately
drew shoujo e ha to
what happened between the two of you
this time
it's nothing jingwenya said many thanks
to dagger for your lesson
do not stop me namings you snapped
put your saber away first dagger
lanchy chen pleaded your mind is in
turmoil
no it is not i know very well what i'm
doing neeming you argued he's
incorrigible if this goes on he will be
a scourge upon the world the sooner i
kill him the sooner we can live in peace
oh
when you're accidentally right about
everything
um
lanchi-chen froze daga what are you
saying don't tell me all he gets in
return for constantly rushing back and
forth between chinga and landling these
days is being called incorrigible
when dealing with someone like nimingzhu
the optimal strategy was to mention
debts owed both of kindness and enmity
sure enough niminzu faltered a little as
he cast a glance down at jinguan yao
whose forehead was bleeding
as well as the new wound from the fall
he sported an older bandaged injury that
had been concealed by the black gauze
cap he was wearing wounds both old and
new had been torn open so jing guang yao
top
tugged off the bandage and dabbed it
against his head wiping away the fresh
blood so it would not stain his clothes
he then tossed it to the ground and
stood there on speaking his thoughts
indiscernible
wait
wounds both old and new had been torn
open
the metaphor the metaphor
second time down the stairs
is gonna remind you of man
[__] mxtx i hate her so
goddamn much
jesus christ
it just that just threw me totally
where am i
he then tossed it to the ground and
stood there on speaking his thoughts and
discernible lan chichen looked back and
said sandy why don't you go back to
why don't you go back first i'll talk to
tadaga
bowed in their direction then turned on
his heel and left noticing the ming zhu
had slackened his grip lancing withdrew
his blade as well and patted his
shoulder to lead him over to the side
dagger he said as they walked you
probably don't know but sandy's
situation really is not good
the way he puts it one would think he
lives forever an abject misery
said frost frostily
when you're accidentally right about
everything
despite saying so he slowly slowly
sheathed his saber
who says he's not lanchi chen said he
talked back to you earlier didn't he
would he have done so in the past
indeed he would not it was certainly
unusual behavior for jin going yao who
wasn't the kind to lash out
he knew very well that the best way to
deal with neeming you was for him to
make concessions the outburst of
defiance earlier was quite out of
character for him
his stepmother jinguang shen's wife was
never fond of him to begin with lanchi
ken explained she already beat and
scolded him and after the
who
anshan passed away those beatings and
scoldings have only grown harsher and
more frequent
his father has also refused to listen to
his words of late rejecting all the
proposals he submits
weiwu shen recalled the stack of
blueprints on the table earlier and
understanding dawned on him
the watchtowers
finally land she said land she chen wow
you know i've been reading for a little
bit when i can't even say my husband's
name
don't push him too hard for now
i trust that he knows what he should do
just give him a little more time
i hope so ning wing juice said
after the kick nae ming zhu gave him wei
wushan had thought jingoing yao would
keep to himself for a while
but unexpectedly he still showed up at
the impure realm as usual a few days
later
nii ming zhu was at the drilling grounds
personally supervising and instructing
the hwasong in his saber practice he
paid no attention to jinguang yao who
waited respectfully at the edge of the
inner drilling grounds
nihosang was unenthusiastic about his
practice especially given the scorching
sun so his efforts were half-hearted at
best he only took a couple more swings
before claiming he was tired and
joyfully trotting over to see what gifts
drink jingling out had come bearing this
time
in the past the most naming zhu would
have done was frown at this but this
time he was enraged
nihuasang do you want me to cleave your
head with his saber get the hell back
here
if only knee horson could feel as way
wushan did the force with which neemings
used anger blazed at that moment then he
would not grin as cheekily
dagger it's time for a break
you only just took a break one incense
time ago naming zhu scolded continue
until you master this
nihwa song was still feeling complacent
i'm never going to master it anyway i'm
not training anymore today
this was something new song always used
to say but neeming zhu's reaction was
unexpectedly completely different from
what it had been before he bellowed even
a pig would have already mastered it
under my watch so why are you not
getting it
not expecting the sudden outburst new
hassan cowered toward jingonyao
dumbstruck at the side of the two
together naming zhu's anger surged even
higher
it's been a year and you still haven't
mastered a single set of saber
techniques complaining after spending a
single incense time in the drilling
grounds i'm not asking you to be
outstanding but you can't even defend
yourself how did the knee clan of chinga
produce such a good for nothing the two
of you ought to be tied up and beaten
every day fetch all those things from
his room
last sentence was directed was directed
at the sec disciples standing by the
side of the drilling grounds new song
was on tender hooks as he watched them
leave
a short while later the disciples
returned having really fetched all the
calligraphy paintings porcelain wares
and folding fans from his room
nimingju had always gone on about
burning his things in the past but had
never actually done it this time however
he meant business
new song panicked and lunged over dagger
you can't burn them
seeing this did not bode well ching
jinguan yao piped up
don't be too rash doggo
but ni ming zhu had already swung out
his saber engulfing the pile of
exquisite things at the center of the
drilling grounds in a towering raging
fire
nihosang let out a tragic whale and
pounced into the fire to save them
jinguang yao hurriedly pulled him back
to stop him
wassong careful
niming's you struck out and the two
items of white porcelain nihsang had
grabbed from the fire shattered to
pieces in his hands
the scrolls of calligraphy and paintings
had already turned to ash
knee was on watched speechless and
helpless as all the beloved objects he
had collected over the years from all
around the world were consumed by flames
see
that alone and this is very much me
speaking that alone
would be enough like because you know at
first obviously means she's the one
doing this you blame him
i
would never
[__] speak to him again like quite
stubbornly quite literally like even
though that they're in a situation where
they would be forced to communicate i
would [__] write him notes i would
not verbalize anything to him ever again
probably because i'm a writer and i very
fully understand the way with which what
has just happened right but then when
you find out that it was
when you find out the full context of
how this happens
that alone would be enough to send me on
some
extremely
long involved
saga of revenge
that
um
[Music]
no no no no no no no
jing guang yao grabbed his palms to
inspect them
were you burned he turned to the other
sec disciples might i trouble you to go
prepare some medicine
the sec disciples acknowledged him and
left to do so nihsang stood rooted in to
the ground his whole body shaking as he
looked at niming's you with eyes that
were gradually growing bloodshot
jinguan noticing this put his arm around
his shoulders he said softly huasong how
are you don't watch this anymore let's
go inside to rest
nihuasang's eyes continued to redden he
remained silent jinguen continued it's
no big deal if they're gone
sangha will find more for you in the
future
he brings those things into the house
again and i'll burn them all too niming
zhu said coldly
indignation and exhaustion flashed
across nihosong's face he flung his
saber to the ground and yelled go ahead
then
jingling now hardly said hua song your
dagger is just angry right now
don't nehor song bellowed back at naming
you saber saber saber who the [__] wants
to practice this crap
what if i'm happy being a good for
nothing whoever else wants to be clan
leader can go right ahead if i can't do
it i can't do it if i don't like it
that's what it means what's the point of
forcing me
he kicked his saber away and dashed out
of the grounds jinguano called after him
what song has song
this whole thing
but just as he was about to give chase
nemjoo ordered coldly hold it
jinguang now paused and turned around
niming's you shot him a look and
demanded with barely suppressed anger
you still dare come
to admit fault jinguen replied in a
small voice
that skin of his really is way thicker
than mine weiwou shan thought
yeah
you know how to do that niming zhu said
derisively
jinguang yao was about to speak when the
sect disciples who'd gone to retrieve
medicine returned sec leader len fang
zoon ergong ji locked the door and is
refusing to let anyone inside
let's see how long he lasts the nerve of
him
thanks for the trouble jinguen said
pleasantly to the sect disciple why
don't you give me the medicine i'll
deliver it to him in a bit
he took the medicine bottle when the
others had left neiman's you demanded
why exactly are you here
has dog forgotten today is guccin day
jingwenye replied
the matter of shuyong is non-negotiable
naming you said point blank there's no
need for you to curry my favor it's
futile
first i'm not trying to curry your favor
jingoing said second if it's futile why
does dogged dread it so
me mingju didn't answer daga you've been
putting more and more pressure on
hwasong lately jingoing out continued
could the saber spirit be
he paused briefly then asked does wasong
still not know about the sabre spirits
why tell him so soon neiman's you said
jinguang yao heev desai
huasang may be spoiled rotten but he
can't stay the idol second young master
of chingha forever there will come a day
when he learns daga has his best
interests interests at heart
just as i've come to know that dagger
has my best interests at heart
really gotta hand it to him way wishing
thought i could never say something like
that in two lifetimes but he controlled
his tone so well that it sounded totally
natural
sincere even
niming zhu said if you really think that
then bring me shuyong's head
unexpectedly jing wang yao immediately
replied done
nimingju regarded him jinguang yao
matched his stare squarely and repeated
again it will be done as long as zaga
gives me one last chance then within two
months i will personally bring you
shuyong's head
and if you don't means you asked
jingwenya spoke with conviction
then dagger can do with me as he sees
fit
we rush in found jinguang yao almost
admirable at this point
also the man lived in constant fear of
neeming zhu he still found a hundred
thousand ways and words to wheedle
another chance out of him
when night fell jinguang yao was back to
playing the purification tone inside the
impure realm as if nothing had happened
despite the solemnity of the vow jinguan
yao had made him niming zhu never saw
those two months pass
one day
the knee clan of chingya hosted a
martial arts drill niming zhu was
passing by a guest accommodation house
when he suddenly heard hushed voices
inside
one sounded like jing guang yao moments
later there came another unexpectedly
familiar voice
dougas wore an oath of brotherhood with
you lanshi-chen said
that means he acknowledges you
sounded dejected but erga did you not
hear what he vowed every word was an
implication
incite universal condonation and be
executed by way of dismemberment he was
clearly warning me i have never heard
vows like that in an oath of sworn
brotherhood
he said should you stray in loyalty
lynchy chen replied gently have you done
so
if not then why brood
i haven't jin going out protested but
dagger is already convinced that i have
what can i do
he's always treasured your talent and
hope you would walk the right path lan
chichen said
it's not as though i don't know right
from wrong
it's just that there are times when i
really don't have a choice jinguang yeah
said
i'm beset with difficulties everywhere i
go and i must bear the brunt of
everyone's temper the others i can deal
with but what have i done to let dagger
down
erga you heard how he insulted me last
time
lancie chen sighed it was simply a poor
choice of words in a moment of anger
daga's disposition is no longer as it
once was
it would be best if you never provoke
his ire again
he's been deeply afflicted deeply
afflicted by the saber spirit's torment
of late and still quarreling with
huasang they have yet to reconcile
jingoing yao's voice was choked with
sobs if he can say such things in a fit
of anger then what does he usually think
of me
i didn't choose my background my mother
couldn't choose her fate must i expect
to be degraded my whole life
if that's the case then how is dawga
different from all the others who who
look down on me
no matter what i do in the end he still
dismisses me with a signal with a single
son of a prostitute
last night jingoing yao had been having
a heart to heart with nie mingzhu as he
played the gucci with none of these
complaints
but now here he was pouring out his woes
to lanshi chen
the moment niminzu realized he was
sewing such discord behind his back he
flew into a rage and kicked in the door
the raging flames in his head spread
throughout his body and he roared at
jinguan yao like thunder crashing in his
ears
you wretch
the moment jinglan yeah saw him enter he
dodged behind lanshi chen scared out of
his wits sandwiched between the two of
them lanchi-chen couldn't get a word out
before nimingju was already lunging with
his saber drawn
lancichen drew his sword to perry and
cried to jingong yao run
jingweng yao bolted out the door niminzu
shook off lanchy chin and snarled at him
don't stop me
he chased after jinguan yao as he
rounded a long corridor he suddenly saw
jinguano leisurely walking toward him he
struck with his saber and blood spurted
forth painting his surroundings red in
an instant but jinguang yao had clearly
just been running for his life why would
he be doubling back in so leisurely a
manner once naming you had struck he
staggered for a stretch and then charged
to the square he looked up panting and
way wushan could hear the loud thumping
of his heart
jingoing yao in the square all around
every person going to and fro they all
bore the appearance of jinguan yao
niming zhu had she deviated
his mind was lost to him he only knew to
kill to kill kale kale kale kill
jinguang yao
he hacked at everyone around him filling
the air with screams suddenly weiwou
shan heard a cry
dagger
neeming you jolted at the sound of that
voice calming down somewhat he turned
his head to look and finally blearly saw
a different face
from the field of jinguan yao's
nihuasang was clutching his arm which
had been wounded by niming zhu's saber
he shuffled arduously toward him
dragging one leg moved to tears of joy
upon seeing that his brother had
suddenly stilled
dagger dagger it's me put down your
saber it's me
but nihuasang didn't make it to his side
before niminzu collapsed to the ground
before he fell clarity finally returned
to his eyes and he saw
the real
jinguan yao
he stood at the end of a long corridor
without a spot of blood on him
he was staring at nemingju twin streams
of tears pouring from his eyes
sparks amid snow bloomed wildly from his
chest seeming to smile on his behalf
all of a sudden weiwou shan heard a
voice calling him from a distance
the voice was cool and deep but hazy at
first very far away almost surreal
the second call was much clearer he
could even detect a barely perceptible
distress
the third time he heard it loud and
clear wei ying
at that voice wei wushan forcibly pulled
himself out
he was still a flimsy paper effigy stuck
to the helmet that sealed nemingzhu's
head he'd already pulled loose the
strings of the visor blocking naming
zhu's vision revealing a pair of bulging
furious eyes
that crawled with red veins
there wasn't much time left he had to
return to his physical body
part
three of chapter
10.
we are at the top
of page 335
which means 15 pages left
but i am so going
so
going
annie though technically in the untamed
jinguang yao kept his promise to
nimingju
to bring niming zhu shuyong's head
just it was still attached to his body
thank you for that annie
part three
paper man way shook his sleeves and
fluttered forth like a butterfly
unexpectedly the moment he charged out
from behind the drapes he's very hamlet
he saw someone standing in the shadowed
corner of the secret chamber
jinguan yao gave an easy smile and
soundlessly drew the soft sword hung in
his waist
there's a note about a soft sword here
though
a soft sword is a type of sword with a
highly flexible blade
while it is not suitable for stabbing
and slicing its sheer attack speed and
unpredictable movements make it a
formidable weapon to face in battle it
can easily bend around an enemy's guard
and sever arteries in the neck or strike
the side or back it is extremely hard to
master and equally difficult to defend
against
so the perfect weapon for jingo and yao
basically
that's that's what you're telling me
this was the famous hunchang
back when jinguen was undercover at when
rohan's side he often hid this soft
sword around his waist or his wrist for
use in dire situations
henchung's blade was so soft and so
flexible that one might almost believe
the sword itself was equally quick to
concede and yield when in fact it was
vicious sharp and unrelenting the
[__] metaphor
once hunchung was wrapped around its
prey
jinguan yao would release into it a
current of strange spiritual power and
the soft sword which seemed so much like
gentle spring waters would ring its prey
to pieces
i'm so mad
it had destroyed many famous swords in
exactly this way
reducing them to nothing
but piles of scrap metal
holy jesus
where even and there we go hon chung was
currently
like a venomous snake with glimmering
silver scales chasing and biting at the
paper effigy if weirshen was even
slightly careless he would be caught
between those fangs
paperman way flapped his sleeves and
agilely evaded the sword dodging left
and right all the same this wasn't his
own body he nearly caught a bite from
han chung's tip and if this went on much
longer he'd be pierced through for sure
suddenly he spotted a long sword lying
quietly on one of the lattice shelves it
had clearly been neglected for many
years as layers of dust
covered it and the surrounding shelf
amazingly it was his old sword
that i always have a hard time
pronouncing soybean
sribian
something like that
yes paperman way pounced onto the
lattice shelf and stomped on the hilt of
sweden
shing it heated his call and the blade
sprung from its sheath
swabin shot forth and began tangling
with hancheon's eerie sword glare once
the shock on chinguang yao's face
subsided he quickly smoothed out his
expression he nimbly twisted his wrist a
few times causing henchung to wrap
itself around soybean snow white blade
like a tingling vine then released it to
let the two swords fight on their own
meanwhile he hurled a talisman in wei
wushan's direction
the talisman ignited into blazing flame
as it sailed through the air weibu shan
felt the scorching heat blast toward him
while the two battling blades blinded
the room with their flashing glares he
used this opportunity to fervently flap
his paper sleeves and shoot out of the
secret chamber
he was almost out of time wei wushan
couldn't afford to take it slow and
ensure he wasn't spotted he flapped all
the way back to the guest house
incidentally arriving just as lan wang
ji opened the door he flapped hard one
last time pouncing right onto long
wenji's face where he clung tightly
seeming to shake tremble shiver
no
oh no oh no
len mongee's eyes were covered by the
paper effigy's expansive sleeves
he let him tremble there for a bit
before he gently plucked him off [__]
stop
god
a brief moment later wei wushan
successfully returned to his body he
immediately drew in a deep breath lifted
his head and opened his eyes then shot
to his feet however his body hadn't
adjusted yet his head spun and he
swooned forward seeing this len wangji
immediately caught him
but weiwu shan's head unexpectedly shut
up at the same time colliding with lan
wangji's chin they both grunted
oh i thought the wife had just gotten
home
shannon felt his head with one hand
while his other rubbed lan wang ji's
chin
oops sorry are you okay lanjen after
letting him rub a few more times
lanrunji gently moved his hand away and
shook his head
waywu shan tugged at him let's go
lenwang she rose to his feet without
question they were already on their way
before he asked where to fragrance
palace way wishing replied the bronze
mirror inside the palace says the
entrance to a secret chamber his wife
accidentally uncovered some secret of
his and got dragged inside so she could
still be in there chief engine's head is
in there too
jing guan yao would definitely lose no
time strengthening strengthening the
seal on nemingzhu's head and moving it
elsewhere however he
he could move ahead but not his wife
chinsu was the first lady of golden carp
tower and had very recently been seen at
the banquet to have someone of such
honorable status vanish so suddenly
people would surely have questions
sorry i just clocked the image that they
gave me earlier about wei wushan
feeling his head with one hand
but his other hand is like rubbing
lanrong ji's chin
that that was a delayed bomb that just
went off in my head
he had to use this opportunity to barge
in and take care of this in the fastest
way possible leaving jinguang yao no
time to fabricate lies and seal lips
the two moved with earth-shaking
momentum kicking aside anyone who
blocked their path the sec disciples
jinguang yao had planted near franger's
palace
fragrance palace were all trained to be
exceptionally vigilant if they sensed an
intruder and were unable to stop them
they immediately cried out to sound the
alarm and alert the master of the palace
inside but this backfired the more they
raised the alarm the more
disadvantageous disadvantages the
situation got for jingoing yao since
countless cultivation sex and clans had
gathered here today while the disciples
cries did alert him to be on his guard
they also attracted dozens of people
the first to arrive was jin ling with
his sword already in hand he asked
puzzled why are you two here while he
asked that question len wangji had
already ascended three of the jade
stairs and drawn b chen jin ling was
alarmed
these are my little uncle sleeping
quarters you guys got lost right
no wait you barged in what are you doing
everyone who had who had gathered at
golden carp tower from the heads of
various clans to individual cultivators
rushed over curiously
what's going on why is there such a
commotion here this is fragrance palace
is it all right for us to be here i
heard the alarm player just now
they were either unnerved or frowning in
silence no sound came from inside the
sleeping palace way wushan gave a casual
knock sec leader jin
cultivation chief jin
jin ling was furious
what are you trying to do you've dragged
everyone here these are my little
uncle's sleeping quarters sleeping
quarters do you understand didn't i tell
you not to lenshi chen
walked up the steps and lan wang ji
regarded him
the two locked eyes
at first lanchi-chen looked taken aback
then his expression instantly grew
complicated like he was still in
disbelief
but it seemed he understood
nieming's u's head was inside fragrance
palace
just then a smiling voice addressed them
what's going on could my hospitality
have been so inadequate during the day
that everyone has come here to continue
feasting into the night
jinguan yao strolled out from behind the
crowd
right on time lanfing zoon way wushan
said if you'd come out any later we
wouldn't have been able to see the thing
inside the secret chamber of your
fragrance palace huh
i love him
jinguang yeah look taken aback secret
chamber
the crowd was doubtful unsure what was
happening
jingoing yao remains slightly confused
what is it secret chambers aren't that
strange are they as long as they possess
rare spiritual weapons who doesn't have
some secret chambers to serve as vaults
in their homes
was about to speak but len chichen beat
him to it
ayo he said might you open the door for
us and allow us to view
this secret chamber
jinguan yao seemed to find this request
strange and was hesitant to grant it
erga it's called the secret chamber
because the things stored in there are
meant to be hidden
asking me to open it so suddenly is
he couldn't possibly have moved chinsu
elsewhere in such a short period of time
without anyone noticing a transportation
talisman could only transport the caster
and based on chinsu's current state she
definitely had neither the spiritual
power to fuel it fuel it nor the desire
to use it which meant she must still be
inside either alive or dead either way
her presence would prove faithful to
jingoing yao
though coroner jin gwang yao continued
to calmly make excuses but the more he
declined the firmer lanshi chen's tone
grew
open it
jinguan yao stared him straight in the
eyes then suddenly beamed
if erga says so i have no choice but to
open it for everyone to see
he stood in front of the entrance waved
and the doors to the sleeping palace
swung open
someone in the crowd suddenly said his
tone cold
they say the land clan of gusu holds
propriety in the highest regard but it
seems that was merely a rumor
forcing his way into the master of the
household's bedroom
propriety indeed
wei wushan had heard that had heard the
jinn sec disciples respectfully greet
this man earlier in the square
addressing him as sect leader sue
this was sushe
leader of the sioux clan of mulling
which had been enjoying some fame in
recent years
he was dressed all in white thin brown
and thin lipped
though his features were clean and
handsome he exuded quite a bit of
haughtiness
his appearance and bearing were fine but
unfortunately not fine enough to make
him noteworthy oh burn
burn from the narration
never mind jingling how assured it's
fine it's not like there's anything
unfit to be seen
he controlled his tone expertly making
himself sound even tempered while adding
just the right amount of uneasiness to
his response
jin ling followed him feeling indignant
on behalf of his little uncle who'd
gotten his door kicked in out of the
blue
he shot several death glares at way we
shin
you wanted to take a look at the secret
chamber right jing wang yao asked again
he placed his hand on the bronze mirror
and drew a formless spell over its
surface before entering weibo shane was
right on his heels he re-entered the
secret chamber seeing the spell covered
drape on the lattice and the iron table
for butchering corpses
he even saw shinsu she stood behind the
beside the iron table her back to them
lanchi-chen was stunned
why is madame jin in here
we share everything we own jing wang yao
explained asu often comes in here to
look out to look around
wee wu shen was shocked to see chinsu
jinguan yao didn't move her or kill her
is he not scared of what she might say
not reassured he moved next to chinsu
carefully examining her profile she was
still alive and well although her
expression was wooden way wushing was
certain there were no evil spells cast
upon her nor any strange poisons
affecting her her mind was clear
but the fact that she was conscious made
the situation even stranger had he he
had seen with his own eyes how emotional
chinsu had become and how strongly she'd
resisted jingong yao how had he managed
in such a short period of time to come
to an agreement with her that would make
her seal her lips
weibushan had a bad feeling about this
things weren't going as smoothly as he
thought
he walked to the lattice shelf and
lifted the drapes at once
there was no helmet behind the drapes
and definitely no head
there was only a dagger
this dagger emitted an eerie frigid
glint roiling with a murderous aura
lancie chen had been staring at those
drapes too unable to decide whether to
lift the fabric for the longest time
seeing they did not conceal something he
dreaded discovering he seemed to breathe
a sigh of relief
what is that
this jinguang yao
jinguang yao went to the shelf and
turned the dagger over in his hand
a rare weapon indeed this dagger was the
weapon of an assassin it has killed
countless people and it's in and it's
incomparably sharp
take a look at the blade look closely
you'll see the reflection is not your
own but sometimes a man sometimes a
woman sometimes an elder
each is a soul that died at the
assassin's hand
the blade is heavy with the inner with
yin energy so i added drapes to seal it
off
lan chichen knitted his brows could this
be
yes jingling replied easily it was when
rohan's
jinguang was clever indeed anticipating
that his secret chamber might be
discovered someday he had stored a
number of things in here besides naming
jew's head
swords talismans fragments of ancient
tablets spiritual weapons there was no
shortage of rare items here making the
secret chamber look like an ordinary
vault
as for the dagger as he'd said it was a
rare item laden with yen energy plenty
of cultivation clans enjoyed collecting
rare weapons for sport not to mention
the fact that he killed the leader of
the one clan of djishan making this his
trophy it was all in short perfectly
normal
chintzy stood by jingwenya's outside
watching as he fiddled fiddled with the
dagger
suddenly she snatched it from him her
face started to twist and tremble the
others didn't understand her expression
but way wushan who had just spied on her
desp her dispute with jinguan yao could
easily read the pain anger and
humiliation written there
jingwenya's smile froze
asu
len mangjie and wei wushan both struck
out to grab the dagger but chinsu dodged
the sharp glint of that dagger was
already wholly buried in her belly
asu jingwenya cried out in spite of
himself
he rushed to embrace her limp body while
lan chichen immediately retrieved
medicine to apply emergency aid but the
dagger was both extremely sharp and
laden with resentment and yin energy in
the blink of an eye chin soo was dead
everyone present was stunned never
having expected such a turn of events
jingling yeah more fully mournfully
cried his wife's name again and again
a hand cupping her face
his eyes were wide and his tear fell
like rain onto her cheeks lanchi-chen
said ah yao madam jin she
i'm so sorry
jinguan yao looked up erga what's going
on why would asu suddenly kill herself
and why would you all suddenly gather
before fragrance palace to make me open
the secret chamber
is there something you're not telling me
good [__] god
zhang chung
who had arrived late to this impromptu
gathering said coldly
please provide an explanation we are all
in the dark as well
the crowd all agreed so lancie chen had
no choice but to explain
a while ago a number of juniors from our
gland clan passed by the moe estate
during a night hunt and were attacked by
a disembodied left arm
the arm was heavy with resentment and
had a significant murderous aura so long
she investigated following the direction
in which it pointed however once enough
dismembered pieces were collected we
discovered that the fierce corpse they
belonged to was
dagger
an uproar erupted both inside the
treasure room and out
jinguang yao was utterly stunned
darya wasn't doga buried i saw it myself
niwasang thought he had misheard too
dagga he asked incoherently
shichenga you said it's my taga and your
dagger too
lenshi chen nodded gravely nihuasang's
eyes rolled back and he fell forward in
a heap with a thud the circle of people
shouted in panic sick leader knees sec
leader knee
call a doctor
jinguang yao's eyes were still brimming
with tears but reddening with anger too
he clenched his fist tightly and cried
in grief and indignation dismemberment
dismemberment who would dare to do such
a vile mad thing
lancie chen shook his head
i do not know the clues stopped at the
head
then realization suddenly dawned on him
the clue stopped so you came here to
look
lan chichen was silent
when you wanted me to open the secret
chamber earlier jingoing you asked with
disbelief it was because you suspected
that dague's head is here with me
guilt now colored lanshi chen's face
jinguang yao hung his head and hugged
chintzu's body he continued after a
while
it's fine we won't discuss it further
but erga how did hang on jun know about
the secret chamber in my sleeping palace
and how did he decide that doggy's head
was inside my secret chamber
golden carp tower is heavily guarded if
i really did it would dawg's head be so
easily discovered
lanshi chen was actually stumped by this
question
so was weibu shan who could have
imagined that jin guang yao wouldn't
just move the head in such a short
period of time but also do or say
something that drove chinsu to kill
herself in public and seal her own lips
as the gears rapidly spun in weiwou
shan's head jinguang outside
showing you was it you who told my erga
and the others
what's the use in telling such an easily
disproven lie one of the clan leaders
was puzzled
lee feng-jun
who are you talking about
who else another voice replied coldly
the one standing right beside hang one
june
everyone's eyes turned that way
the one who'd just spoken was sushe
those not of the jin clan of lan ling
might not know him he said this man is
mo swan you who was expelled from the
jin clan of landling for improper
behavior for harassing lan fung zoon
recently there have been rumors that he
somehow managed to hop to charm hang on
june
he's been following him everywhere the
two of them roaming the land together it
truly boggles the mind why hang on june
who has always been known for his
elegance and righteousness would keep
such a person by his side
jin ling looked incredibly upset at
those words
amidst the hushed whispers in the crowd
jinguan yao laid down shinsu's body and
slowly rose to his feet he placed his
hand on the hilt of huncheong and took a
threatening step toward way we shine
i won't mention what is now in the past
but please tell me the truth
do you have anything to do with asu's
inexplicable suicide
when jin gong yao lied
he did so with a plum playing the part
of the guiltless victim to perfection
every person who heard him naturally
concluded that moshuang yu had slandered
lam kung jun out of resentment while
simultaneously manipulating madam jinn
to make her commit suicide
even way wu shen couldn't think of a
counter-argument in the moment
what should he say tell everyone about
how he had seen nina mingju's head or
how he infiltrated the secret chamber
talk about the person shinsu had met
even though the witness herself was now
dead
tell everyone about the strange letter
that could so easily be written off as
non-existent and fictional he'd only dig
himself deeper if he tried
as he rapidly racked his brain for a
plan henchung was had already left its
sheath
lenwangji stood in front of him and
bichin blocked the strike
it's one of my favorite things
just always it never gets old
when the other cultivators saw this they
all drew their swords as well two swords
came flying at them from the side way
wishing had no weapon in hand to pair
the attacks but when he turned his head
swabian just so happened to be lying
right there he immediately grabbed it
and drew the sword from its sheath
jinguen's eyes sharpened and he cried
yelling patriarch
oh the wife is home
hi
i figured i'm like almost done i'm like
in the last like three pages but you
usually hop in the shower anyway can i
wait did you want to say hi you want to
say hi to the people
yeah
there's actual lives and because you
know it's behind
um yeah
we're at the good [__] well i mean not
like the good [__] you know but we're at
some good [__]
hi everybody
i see petra lyla yeah
oh yeah oh
a bunch of the usuals yes good to see
you
guys she do she works in a warehouse in
the summer in the south
you need a shower when you get home it's
true i know i'm just staying the box go
shower yeah but the weather broke a
little while ago with the thunder
afternoon i heard some i heard some like
dripping at the window but i didn't i
didn't and it was really nice because
the cool part is oh yeah
no summer showers in north carolina make
the summer
bearable yeah can you um close the door
yes
thank you love you
okay
oh rose
just got off work you're right in time
for just the last few pages the last
couple pages actually
we're on page what 346
out of 350.
oh no we're at the top of 346. excuse me
the wife distracts me you know
okay
suddenly the whole of the gin clan
including jin ling pointed their swords
at him
weirshan gazed at jindling's confused
face and then at souha's blade
dumbfounded to have his identity so
suddenly exposed
jingling out continued i wasn't aware
the healing patriarch had returned to
the world we are honored by your
presence forgive me for not having come
out to welcome you
wei wuchen was completely lost in the
mists having no earthly idea how he'd
given himself away nihuasang was days
too
sangha what did you say just now is this
not moshe on you
jingling yao pointed hanshang away with
shan hwasong aling both of you come here
everyone please be careful he pulled out
that sword so he is doubtlessly the
yielding patriarch wei wushan
since weiwushan sword had an unspeakable
name people always used this sword or
that sword when they referred to it and
when the name yielding patriarch was
spoken it was even more hair-raising
than the revelation that chiffon zun had
been dismembered
even those who hadn't intended to draw
their weapons now reflexively unsheathed
their swords surrounding this corner of
the secret chamber
weiweshan scanned the swords glimmering
all around him remaining unflustered
an unbothered king y'all i just
also he's been here before
so
there's that
so anyone who can pull out that sword is
the yelling patriarch nihua song asked
sangha erga
hang on june is there some kind of
misunderstanding here
there is no misunderstanding jingonya
said he must be where we should
wait jin ling suddenly called out
cheshire wait
juju
gigi didn't you lash him with zidian
back at mount defen his soul wasn't
whipped out so he's definitely not
possessed right so he might not be weibu
shane
jen chung looked
incredibly upset
but he didn't speak
he had his hand pressed to the hilt of
his sword seeming to ponder what action
to take next
mount defense
jingoing yeah said
that's right aling you just reminded me
of what else appeared on mount defen
wasn't he also the one who summoned wen
ning
jin ling's face turned ashen as he was
not only denied the reassurance he
wanted but also realized he had
unwittingly provided further
confirmation
no one here knew this jinguan yao
continued but when shonyu was still here
at golden carp tower he saw one of the
yielding patriarchs manuscripts this
manuscript was a dissertation on a
particular black magic sacrifice it uses
the soul and physical body as the price
to summon malicious ghosts and evil
spirits to seek vengeance on the
caster's behalf
sec leader jane can whip him a hundred
times with zidian and nothing would come
of it because the caster willingly
sacrificed their body it cannot be
considered possession
the explanation made perfect sense in
every way after moshe anu was chased out
of golden carp tower resentment grew in
his heart he recalled the black magic he
had read about and in his desire for
vengeance begged for a malicious ghost
to descend upon him
in doing so he summoned the yuling
patriarch
everything weiwo shan had done was to
avenge moshe and you which meant
nemingzhu's dismemberment must have been
his handiwork too
in any event before any alternate
explanations proved true the most likely
story was that it was all the work of
that dastardly yielding patriarch
however
some people remain skeptical
since we can't verify this sacrifice
magic was used you can't make such
conclusions on your judgment alone life
zoon
jinguan yao replied
indeed whether sacrifice was used can't
be verified but whether he is the
yielding patriarch can
ever since the yielding patriarch was
crushed to pieces from the rebound of
his malicious ghosts at the burial
mounds the jing clan of landling kept
his sword and in no time at all the
sword sealed itself
weiwu shen was taken aback
the sword sealed itself
a sense of foreboding sprouted in his
mind jin going out continued i'm sure i
don't need to explain what a sealed
sword is the sword has a spirit the
spirit refused to allow anyone besides
wayward shin to wield it and so it
sealed itself
no one other than the yielding patriarch
himself can draw it from its sheath but
this motion you before your very eyes
just pulled out this sword that's been
sealed for 13 years
he hadn't yet finished before there were
over a dozen sword glares shooting
uniformly in weiwou shan's direction
len wangji blocked them all and bichen
shocked away a number of men clearing
out a path
get you a man
wang ji lanshi chen exclaimed the clan
leaders who were knocked down by the
shock wave of beechen's frigid chi cried
out furiously hang on june you way
wishing wasted no words he pushed
himself up the window lattice with his
right hand and weightlessly hopped out
the moment his feet touched the ground
he dashed off as he ran his mind was
racing racing as fast as lightning
jingwen yao saw that strange paper
effigy and saw soybean unsheathed so he
must have guessed my identity right then
he immediately fabricated a slew of lies
talked chinsu into suicide
and then purposely cornered me to the
lattice shelf where sweden was stored to
tempt me into pulling the sword and
exposing my identity
scary scary scary i never expected he'd
react so fast and could lie so smoothly
just then someone joined him
it was lan wang ji who had caught up
without a word spoken
way shan has always had had always had
an amazingly bad reputation and this
wasn't the first time something like
this had happened
but his mindset this time around was not
the same as it had been in his previous
life and he could face this
quite unperturbed
run first and fight back if the chance
presented itself in the fir in the
future if that didn't happen that was
okay too
sticking around was completely pointless
unless he wanted the opportunity to get
beaten by several hundred some swords
and crying about injustice was even more
laughable
everyone was convinced he would return
one day for revenge and massacre the
cultivation world and his madness
no one would listen to his explanation
not to mention jinguang yao was there
fanning the flames
lan wong ji was the complete opposite of
him though
he didn't need to explain himself at all
in fact people would do it for him
announcing that hang on june had been
deceived by the yeling patriarch
weiwu sheng called to him hang on june
you don't have to follow me
len wong jin kept his eyes to the front
and didn't answer him
they kept moving leaving behind the
cries rallying all present to strike to
kill despite his preoccupation weiwu
shan pressed lan wing's view once more
are you really coming with me you've
thought this through
once you leave this place your
reputation is done for
by now they had dashed down the steps of
golden carp tower lan wang ji seized one
of his wrists
oh you know i love a wrist crab
laughs seized one of his wrists looking
like he had something to say when a
white shadow flashed before them
jin ling was blocking their way
god
damn it blocking their way in more ways
than [__] one
when way wu shan saw it was jin ling he
sighed in relief they were about to slip
around him but jinding moved once again
blocking their way
you're wei ying
he was confused and unkempt his eyes red
furious and hateful hesitant and uneasy
sorrowful and at a loss
he barked again are you really wei ying
wei wushen
seeing him like this the pain far
outweighing the hatred in his voice
weiwu shan's heart trembled
but it would only be mere moments before
his pursuers caught up he had no more
time to mind the boy but could only
clench his teeth and circle around him
for the third time unexpectedly he felt
a coldness in his belly
when he looked down ginling had already
withdrawn the snow white blade now died
red
he had never imagined jin ling would
actually attack
the only thought on wei wushan's mind
was of all the people he could take
after why does it have to be his uncle
he even chooses the same spot to stab me
in
everything was a blur after that and he
only felt himself attacking at random
it was a chaotic mess incredibly noisy
with endless collisions and the
incessant explosive sounds of weapons
and spiritual powers clashing an unknown
amount of time passed and then weiwoshan
fuzzily up opened his eyes
lan wong ji was mounted on beach and
while we shan lay on lan wang ji's back
half of that snow white cheek was
splashed with blood
to be honest the stomach injury wasn't
all that painful after all it was just a
hole in his body you know
he initially thought he could just grit
his teeth and endure it but this body
had probably never weathered an injury
an injury like this before the non-stop
bleeding made him dizzy and that of
course was hardly anything he could
control
ramjen way washing called out
then one g's breathing wasn't as steady
as it usually was
it was slightly short probably from over
exerting himself in hand-to-hand combat
while carrying way wushan on his back
however
the tone with which he answered him had
the same steadiness he'd always
possessed and it was still that word
after that he added
i'm here
hearing those two words
a feeling weiwoo shan
had never
felt before
spread into his heart
it was like an ache
his heart throbbed a little
but it was also warm
he still remembered back when they were
in zheng ling lan wang ji had traveled
thousands of kilometers to help him but
wae wu shan wasn't grateful at all and
he'd constantly clashed with him and
made it awfully unpleasant between the
two of them
but he really hadn't expected it to turn
out like this
when everyone was praising him out of
fear lan wang-ji rebuked him to his face
when everyone spat and hated on him
lan wong ji stood by his side
weiwou shan
said all of a sudden
ah
i remember now
what did you remember then wangjii asked
i remembered len jen
just like this
i
i've carried you on my back before
uh
yes
alice
rather than talk about the obvious
because if i do that i'm just
my throat's going to close and i'm just
going to get emotional
but
one of the many things driving me
absolutely batshit insane in my head
right now is that for the past like
30 pages
i've been like oh they're ending it here
what a great place to end a volume
oh they're ending it here what a great
place to end a volume oh they're going
to end it on this note
that's such a great place to end the
volume
and then they end it at a place
that is so much better than any of those
other options
that i can't
i
can't
[__] comprehend
anything right now
to
end
on the big queer awakening
[__] really
jesus
and also just that whole
just not even just the end
note
which is [__] devastating i'm gonna
talk about it for the rest of my life
but also just you know the last
you know couple dozen
there
more than that
pages
were so
in edge of your seat even though this is
a part that was taken like
directly from the book and put into the
untamed albeit in a different spot
um
and yet it maintained such like
motion's not the right word
tension yeah but
it was just it was chugging along man
the pace
there we go
really amped up and like maintained
itself
at a rather concerning speed
and then they end it
on that
it's like it all came
to land all of this you know
blood mystery jingling i was [__]
insane
you know
found the head oh my god he's been
revealed to be waywu shan it's like all
of that
lands in the last
half page of this volume
on something
so soft
i hate her
i really do
loathe
loathes
her entirely
cannot
believe
and also
the translators working on this thing
are doing their damnedest
and while facing an absolutely crap
employer so like we need to stand up and
acknowledge
i'm sure it's not you know perfect i'm
sure there are a couple things wrong
with it and there's some mistakes in
here or whatever
but just generally speaking they are
doing such a good job
that it's truly staggering
i cannot believe
uh uh
huh
okay
we just hit three hours
basically we're just about to hit three
hours i think i started a couple few
minutes late at like
2 35 or something but we're coming up on
three damn hours
i am exhausted
but that was worth it
painfully worth it
volume three
comes out oh
in almost exactly two months
it comes out august 17th
and it is june 16th
so in a couple of months
we will be back here
for more
jesus
uh yeah meanwhile congrats everybody
finishing book two in what is this
stream seven
so really probably should have been
eight streams which may or may not have
been the same as volume one i'm not
entirely sure that one was done a little
bit differently in the beginning as well
so
but
we there we did it
i'm too exhausted to form thoughts
anymore
so
i'm gonna go ahead and go and collapse i
also haven't eaten today but don't tell
the wife that
so i need to go and like eat something
and process and just marvel at the
absolute unhinged nature
of mxtx
but i will see you in a couple of months
for volume three of modaw sushi i will
have tuesdays and thursdays off for the
next couple of weeks
to give myself a bit of a breather
um
and then
we're starting
what the hell are we starting at the
i think after the couple of weeks of
tuesday thursday breaks
i think after that is
the
have an official blessing
donghua
isn't it i believe so i will have to
check my schedule but i think that's it
i think it's heaven officials blessing
next
so just something real calm and chill
for the next couple of months while we
wait for
volume three of moda sushi
i'm really gonna regret that decision
anyway
this was delightful and long and if
you've been here for even half the time
that's impressive
um
i will see you guys for a live stream in
the next couple of weeks
but sense8 is still going so i will be
seeing you um ideally three times a week
i kind of
let myself have a little bit of a break
this week
um so we still have sense8 happening and
of course ken porsche
so these next two weeks aren't going to
be completely bereft of content on this
channel
but i will see you in a couple of weeks
so hopefully you tune in for one of
those things sensei kin porsche what
have you and i see you there
and until then
please
please remember to take care of yourself
and i will see you very very soon